Unknown Speaker  0:17  
I know this is a one v1 session.

Speaker 1  0:22  
What's that all about? And a bunch of people tell me that they couldn't, they couldn't come today. They're gonna listen to the tape. But I'm like, I'm not gonna do it. It's just, it's just us.

Speaker 2  0:34  
No worries, I just sent you an email back that was probably my fault for not communicating. We've been pretty rushed on the dev timeline, because you can get approval for those designs. But I just told Carolyn, like, we'll meet tomorrow. I added you to the call too, if you want to come. But we finished up dev pretty much all yesterday. Like, Andrew sent us over, like, a three page list of everything, so we knocked that out. Now we're just taking the content that he wants, that he just got us over, like three days ago, and they were cropping it all and putting it in tonight so it should

Unknown Speaker  1:04  
look exactly how they want.

Speaker 1  1:06  
Okay, great. Jeff, how do I say your name again? Can you tell me one more time?

Speaker 3  1:13  
ITunes? Yeah, like Apple, iTunes, but it's sort of s

Speaker 1  1:21  
like that. Meet Austin.

Speaker 3  1:24  
Hi Austin. How are you? I'm good. I'm good. I missed it last year that was traveling. I wasn't a plane, so I'm excited to able to join this week.

Speaker 1  1:35  
Got a good discussion we're gonna have here in a bit with Austin, who knows everything about meta and a whole bunch of stuff like that. And then Ryan, who knows everything about Amazon, they both actually know about the other one stuff too, but primarily the other stuff. But I want you guys to meet them, and let me just see where Ryan is. I

Speaker 1  2:00  
saw Steve there. Steve there, hey, yeah, Hey, Steve, how you doing good? Just waiting on one other person.

Unknown Speaker  2:14  
He'll be here in a second. How's everybody doing today? How you doing today? Steve, jumping

Speaker 4  2:23  
from call to call. Have a good license call with a branch Directory Group.

Unknown Speaker  2:26  
Oh, good, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  2:40  
that's good. How's the samples coming?

Speaker 4  2:45  
Great. Markie has all the ingredients, and she's beginning four rounds. We're getting close, and we got a brew date.

Speaker 1  2:51  
Oh, nice ingredients. Yeah. What's today?

Unknown Speaker  2:54  
What do you have lunch in?

Speaker 4  2:56  
Steve, we've got a pretty unique, long history in Japanese food and buckwheat. We made a carbonated buckwheat tea, a sparkling buckwheat tea called sparkle buck, and I got four flavors, no sugar, alcohol, caffeine and really satisfying with kind of a roasted flavor. So yeah, first time in beverage. So this guy's given us good guidance, and if you people told us to run away, yeah, actually, the guy, he said something, and he bugged off the call. He said, you know, forget the beverage stuff. Turn into a powder, shit powder.

Unknown Speaker  3:35  
We'll talk a little bit about that today, about that potentially.

Speaker 1  3:41  
Meet Ryan and meet Austin, two good friends of mine. I know we're probably a little bit, probably a little bit light this week, and following couple of weeks, just because of spring break, really stuff that is going on, think we got about five or six people on now, though, hey, rez, Hey, how are you good and so Austin and Ryan have been good friends of mine for a long time. Austin is and his wife have a really good design business called g7 but they do websites, they do brand positioning, they do design, they do labels, they do they do websites, they do kind of digital digital ad spend. And then Ryan has been with me for probably two or three companies, and it's just phenomenal. At Amazon has really kind of pushed the limits, you know, pretty far along those along those lines. So I've been really impressed with both of them, but thought maybe I'd have each one of them talk for maybe 20 minutes on you know what they do, and because they're also services that could be valuable for you guys at the right time, but, but just love them to explain what they do, and what really is, you're looking at Amazon and your own website, no matter what you should what are the do's and don'ts about you should be doing, and what should be watching out for, and where you know, if you are securing, you know, doing this for someone else, what are the things you should be kind of looking for? So we'll just talk a little bit about that. Maybe 20 minutes for each of them, and then we'll jump into Q and A from that. That's okay with everybody. All right, Ryan, you want to jump in?

Speaker 5  5:08  
Sure, sure. So let me share my screen here. I'm just going to go through, actually. Can you give me a share request? I'm just gonna go through a something I put here to kind of walk you through one of the key metrics that I always kind of hone in on when it comes to D to C, and, you know, especially Amazon, and that is, and that's really your, you know, building your lifetime value. And I think that is probably the most important key metric in the game is being able to, you know, establish a good repeat rate, which is going to then engage in a good lifetime value. Here's some data from a company that the Jeff and I work with that has a has a good repeat rate. They're in, you know, kind of hyper growth mode. So, you know, we're acquiring, you know, 50% plus new customers each month on with this brand. So the spend is quite a bit more. But the goal is acquire as many customers as possible while we can, and get those customers into the funnel and make them customers for life. You know, one of the things you can see here, the importance of the repeat rate is at 70, 73% of the revenue for this company. So 4.3 million of almost the 6 million that they do comes from customers that repeat. So you know that just tells you, right there, the importance of having someone come back and buy your product more than once. Were you looking

Unknown Speaker  6:47  
at? Were you looking at this?

Speaker 5  6:49  
This right here, revenue from repeaters, yeah. So 72% this. This here shows you kind of the chart on how it breaks down, while it's a big number of one time customers. These customers here that repeat, you know, the 10,000 that are 234, all the way up to 10 plus, they create that 72% of the business. And people that purchase four times or more, which is anybody on this chart here, all the way across their lifetime value is an average of $293 so if we paid $30 which would be a break even point here, on the one time buyer, they are now worth $293

Speaker 1  7:34  
you know, from having them. In other words, you can afford to have it take you more than one time to, you know, get your money back from your Exactly. It's a,

Speaker 5  7:44  
you know, I know, from the Amazon standpoint, I think just from any DTC, you know. And I think also probably agree from the Shopify side, is that, you know, you're never, it's, it's a long term game. It's not short term. It's, you know, let me get customers and let me get them coming back. And looking at this data consistently is going to tell you, you know what you need to know. If you look at this data three months and you're not getting anybody coming back, there's nothing that anybody pushing buttons on the back end can do that's going to lead you to the point that maybe I need to make a shift in the product. Maybe that's price, maybe that's flavor. There's a bunch of different things you need to look at, but the customer is going to tell you, moving forward, you can't force, you know, some of these, you can't force people to repeat buy. You can entice them, and if they like it, they're going to repeat by and there's many, you know, scenario, many things that you can do. You can do more, almost on the Shopify side, than you can the Amazon side, you know, with because it's a their customer. On the Shopify side, Amazon is their customer, so you can't really email them, but there are program there's a lot of retargeting that you can do with ads and things over there to get back in front of the customer that has purchased from you.

Speaker 1  8:52  
And maybe, let's stop and just ask if everybody understands what repeat rate is and what customer lifetime value is. And also, you measure that customer lifetime value typically over, like a year to start right? Yes, and

Speaker 5  9:05  
in here. So I've got the chart. Where did I have it in here that shows where like so, for instance, here, if you know how we talk about looking at it from a 12 month period, if I look back at March, where's march in here. Here's March of 2025, so the repeat rate would be 42% if you look at a 12 month period for the customers that that were acquired, those cohorts from March of last year. Now the reason that

Speaker 1  9:33  
you see repeat, what's that mean? It repeats one time, and that at least one time, and that

Speaker 5  9:38  
at least one time. So 42% of the people, 42% of the cohorts, and cohorts would be a person that made their first purchase within that month, have made one or more purchases after that original cohort date within 12 months. Correct? Within 12 months,

Speaker 1  9:57  
this is like one of the most important facts to. Understand, and it's all CPG, because when you get to brick and mortar, it's a similar thing. And you can't measure this number until you're spending $20,000 you know, a year, I mean, a month, really, until on Nielsen, because you just can't afford to buy this data. But on direct to consumer, whether it's Amazon or your website, you can measure this repeat rate. It's really important. I think, Ryan, you would say within the first three months of launching your business, you should be able to measure a repeat rate of what typically,

Speaker 5  10:29  
yeah, I mean, I would say that within the first three months you'd love to be able to see at least like 15% you know. So you know, to be able to see if you've got something there.

Speaker 1  10:44  
Somebody might have both might have their their phone on and their computer on. Maybe you Michael, because you came on late. I think it's me, yeah. Get the hell out of here. So this is really an important statistic for you guys to make sure you understand. Go ahead, Ron, sorry, yeah.

Speaker 5  11:05  
So, you know, look looking at these numbers. And the reason, if you scroll back up here and you're saying, okay, 30 the 33% repeat rate, this is going to be, you know, over time. And as you can see, you know, right here, it drags down, because these cohorts are still building up, but hopefully they build up to these, these 40% repeat rates that we see up here. You know, even if you look at for March, for example, you know, almost 7% of the people that have bought for the first time in March of this year, they've already bought a second time, which is great. And if I go back up here and look, you know, people that bought in February, for the first time, I've already been able to get almost 20% of those people coming back in March. So again, we're starting to, you know, stack. We want to keep stacking these. And we want to keep seeing these numbers kind of build up into this range. Another good thing that I look at when I look at these repeat rates is you can tell different times of the year, and you can tell different events. And sometimes there's times of the year where the cohorts just not as valuable as they are at other times of the year, you know, I'll point out like, like, you know, here in the off season, you kind of see this little dip. I've noticed this, and I've kind of been keeping an eye on it where, like, January, I kind of saw a little dip here, and I saw a little dip, it actually came up here. But in this one, I saw more of a dip. And I'm like, January with with some products. You know, you get people that are new year, new media, and they're going to get on this health kick, and they might buy a product and it might not come back. So that could have some effects here, whereas you get more into your more serious customers here, I always see dips here, while in July, because of the Prime Day, you'll get a ton of sales from Prime Day, but you get a lot of buyers that are like, Oh, I'll try it, because it's on sale and they don't come back. But it's a great time to participate, because that 30% of the number of customers that you get that month is likely higher than this 41% of customers. So just some data points in there that you can kind of

Speaker 1  13:10  
everybody understand, kind of the concept of repeat right? And then the customer lifetime value, if you view it in one year, you know, you want to have at least a multiple ideal world of at least a 3x between your CAC, you know, which is your 25 bucks for 15 bucks, whatever it is here, and your $100 customer lifetime value in one year. Because if you can have that much velocity turning it, then you've got, again, the ability to not have to get that, that word ad spend covered in just one in just one in one ad spend.

Speaker 5  13:48  
Yeah, I think that's the important thing is, you're, it's really tough to, you know, Amazon. I always try to tell people, when you if you put your product on the shelf at your local grocery store, the shelf is, you know, so big, it's, it's big, but when you're on the shelf at Amazon, it's infinity, it's everybody, and then some, and everyone is battling for keywords, and keywords that get the most volume are probably going to be bidded up pretty high by the people that can afford to spend the money on it, because a big brand can say, I will pay Seven or $8 a click for a very high volume, generic keyword and a smaller brand can't afford that. If you're paying $8 a click, and you were lucky enough to be getting a 10% conversion rate, it's $80 that you're spending to acquire that customer there, that's just not an achievable way to gain things. So you're gonna have to be back in the, you know, the $3 a click or less, and still trying to achieve it, that 10% conversion rate to be able to afford, depending on what the price of your product is, to be able to afford the cost of acquisition. And you know, the customer that comes in at $30 On day one isn't worth 30 they're, they're not worth that $30 in you're going to lose money on that first one. But the goal is, you kind of get them in this arc here, and they become, you know, multiple buyers. And you can see how that repeat buyer just outlast the single customers. So it's, you know,

Speaker 1  15:18  
as opposed to with the buyers of brick and mortar, and we were talking last week about D to C versus brick and mortar, which one to go first. But instead of, like, the gatekeeper that you have in the brick and mortar, you have ad spend here. Because if you don't have, if you don't, if you don't spend, ad spend, you're not, you're not going to get organic sales. People just aren't, unless you're directing your friends and family there, which is obviously something you should do too. Yeah, we can show them, maybe the program that we did, what you did with Juni, you know, that shows the, you know, the free can giveaway once you get through this

Speaker 5  15:56  
in UK. So the kind of, the secret is, it is good to be able to drive off Amazon traffic, and I see more and more now where driving off Amazon traffic and then leveraging your ad spend on top of that, that is the way to get things you know, spinning up even more aggressively, even you know, and I know, you know, Austin's going to talk about From the meta side, but even from meta and running campaigns there, even if you're running all your campaigns to your Shopify site, you're going to get a halo effect from that brand awareness that's going to come over to your Amazon listing and convert. You can't put the two and two together, but it is going to work. You can look at different data points within your Amazon data, which I always look at, there's a certain there's a report called the search query performance report, and it tells you the number of the search volume per a term. So I always separate out branded terms and non branded terms and put them in a line chart if I see that the branded terms is starting to rise and it coincides with off site things that tells me to that halo effect over here is working. Over here.

Unknown Speaker  17:06  
Questions on this, guys. This is important.

Speaker 5  17:12  
Another thing to always track, you know, in this, like hearing the data shows you is how often the customer comes back. This is going to this can help you with, you know, how aggressively you need to be with your retargeting. Here you see the median is 23 days that someone comes back and repeats on something like this. It's a 12 pack product. The hope is that they get a 12 pack, you know, it lasts them less than two weeks. They order again, they get on, Subscribe and Save, and I just

Speaker 1  17:36  
keep showing them good a median of 2223 that means half or above and half or below, right? It's pretty good, yeah.

Speaker 5  17:45  
So you can kind of see here the, you know, the days in between the first and second purchase. You know, you even got some people that are buying, they're coming back within a week, most people in the second week here, you know,

Unknown Speaker  17:59  
Ryan, what do you want it to look like,

Speaker 5  18:01  
I think it's, it's product dependent, you know, think about what your product is, obviously, you know, this is a product that, the is consumed daily, you know, hopefully so a customer that gets this that's like, you know, it's part of their daily routine, they could be purchasing, you know, twice a month. If your product is something that maybe is, is only consumed two or three times a week. Obviously, that's going to make a difference in in what this These charts are

Speaker 1  18:31  
going to show, yeah, and just for the group's benefit, when they when you do set yourself up on Amazon, and you have your individual skews, and you have a mix pack Brian telling the percentage that they got to make sure they allocate inventory.

Speaker 5  18:44  
Mix packs are the king, and that's and I was going to, I need to put some data together. Maybe I'll make a chart next time, or something that shows like, like this brand is 80, probably 80 to 85% mix packs to single flavors, and what the number of people that buy a mix pack and repeat as a mixed pack, and the number of people that buy a mix pack and repeat as a single flavor?

Speaker 1  19:10  
We it doesn't. It doesn't change much over time. You'd think that over time people would like go with their their single skew they like the most as a flavor. But why? It doesn't change much, does it?

Speaker 5  19:21  
No, it's amazing that how, how many people get on, you know, Subscribe and Save for a mixed pack. In fact, you know, this brand that the mix pack, the Subscribe and Save numbers are tremendous compared to the single flavors. So, yes, mix pack, I always try to preach that that is, that is the king when it comes to animals.

Speaker 1  19:43  
I'm not going to want to do it, but I'm telling you, the first time you run inventory, run it that heavy. You know, I don't tune if you, if you've seen stuff like this, and you've done a lot of supply chain stuff, if you've seen stuff like that too.

Unknown Speaker  19:58  
And that was my that was okay. Show for me, yeah. I was just

Speaker 1  20:01  
wondering if you've seen that big of a foot on mix packs.

Speaker 3  20:04  
Well, I was actually just sorry. It was texting Ali, yeah. You know, a mixed pack is always the king, not just from my, like, you know, my single, my big brand days, but also some of the work I'm doing right now, like consulting of the clients, like, not just on the Amazon, but also in the retail like, if they are coming up with a new product, and they are seeing people try to figure out what they are going to try, like, this was an alcoholic beverage. And they said, like, yeah, they, you know, the big change, like, you know, heb and, like, Trader Joe's was, like, yeah, they want run a mix back, yeah? And it seems

Speaker 1  20:42  
like even at retail, you're right. At retail, it's happening more and more than it has been in the recent past. But for

Speaker 3  20:49  
sure, especially on the like new and upcoming products and brands that if they don't know what it is, right? So especially if you're doing new flavors, yeah? And this is something that me and my co founder partner are constantly discussing guys. So we were just discussing, like, offline on Slack

Unknown Speaker  21:05  
or so you're discussing,

Speaker 3  21:07  
what about discussing this with my partner on Slack? I was like, Oh, I do my email. So, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 6  21:13  
no, we don't have a mix pack right now. So that was the you guys. Were like, Okay, I gotta get one,

Speaker 1  21:19  
gonna go on Amazon. You know, you definitely should, just because that's really amazing, and it doesn't change. I mean, years, it doesn't change for three years on June and doing, you know, $500,000 a month on it, and it hasn't, it just not changing. But every time I talk to a founder, encourage them to go to that 70, least 70% level, and they don't. And then they're short on the mix packs. And then they're scrambling, you know. So when you do launch, just make, you know, one of these venues, Austin, I don't know if it's the same on meta two. Is it the same 1,000%

Speaker 2  21:53  
it's the exact same on regular DTC for Shopify mix packs. We actually just ran a test on drinks, and they sold out of 120,000 in like three days. I think it was 75% of that was one single mixed pack, yeah.

Speaker 1  22:09  
And different mix packs do well too. So keep going, Ryan.

Speaker 5  22:16  
Here's a here's another little chart in here, just kind of the hard truth about, you know, acquiring a customer and that you're going to lose money. You know, usually on that first one, you know, this is just a hypothetical, you know, chart saying that you know your first order is to be losing $7.22 but as soon as you get them to come back for the second or third time, you're up $3.27 and then, you know, $58 for four time and above. Here's a little kind of simulator thing that I was playing with it. You can kind of tell if the repeat rate. So here it's, you know, it's basically even at the 33% you know. And if you look lower it, what the impact it does on revenue. But even if you just go up just a tad bit here. So even taking this from 33% to 35% so we're talking 2% and what it can do in an impact of the revenue. So that's where this repeat rate and that stacking the lifetime value is just so critical to being able to achieve, you know, the sales volume that you want to be able

Speaker 1  23:23  
to in this one, it's saying that 35 basically, 34% or so is break even, you know, from a repeat rate standpoint,

Speaker 5  23:31  
yeah, so it would, it's 33.3 was the current. But this thing, as you can see, it's going to 35 so it's given it a point 2% and just that point 2% giving you that 158 customer left there, right, right?

Speaker 1  23:45  
So that's kind of, is that going to apply to most brands like that? Do you think that that same percentage are similar?

Speaker 5  23:51  
Yeah. I mean, it should, if you can hit that repeat, you know, it's just hitting these repeat rate numbers, you know, I've seen it with other brands I work with that, you know, it's one say, you go on and you can start getting that repeat right in it, just it, it also enables you to then be able to spend more on your ad spend, because you're at, you're going to be able to say, okay, these repeat customers. If I, if I acquire five customers in month one and in month two, two of them come back, and I acquire another five customers, and I acquire five customers in month two at the same cost that I did the five customers in month one. Well now I have seven customers at the same cost that I did in month one, and then if two more come back in month three, and I spend the same amount to acquire four now I have nine. So it just can, you know, it's the same thing. It just needs to continue to stack one, which is then, then, as you go along, you should theoretically see, okay, you know, a tacos number, which would be, you know, your total sales and your against your total ad cost should continue. Your sales are going up, and your ads been saying here now, I'm always like, hey, if sales are going. Keep pouring into the ad spend, because you're going to hit a point where, look, I need to be able to keep acquiring customers, so pour more into it, you know, fortunately, you know, that's one of the things I think that's been a kind of a secret sauce of success, you know, when we talk about Juni, is that, you know, I've had the tools and I've had the resources to be able to make things happen that we probably would not have been able to do if we hadn't had, you know, if we weren't able to lean in to the level that we are and go after the customer says quickly as we have been. So here's just, you know, more charts on please ask questions. I uh, let's see. Let's go here to the cohort lifetime. You know, value, and you can see what the value is over time if you look at a customer, you know, again, I'll use to set the cohort from a from a year out. So if we look at this customer that we acquired when we spoke about, you know earlier that, what was it? 41% for the cohort for March. Well, the customers that had bought four times or more from that cohort are worth today $310 so with a year ago, I spent $30 to acquire that customer on a $30 purchase, it was a loss today, that $30 and I'm not going to kid myself, there's, there's other costs in there to keep those customers along the way, maybe I had to spend to retarget to them, you know, once or twice before I got them on Subscribe and Save. But even if I was all in it $50 they're still now. They're still now worth $310

Speaker 1  26:41  
and build that cohort. What percentage of that cohort does that apply to?

Speaker 5  26:47  
I'd have to break that down. I mean, if we, you know, we could do back a napkin math and say, well, it's 40, 41% of the number, and then break it down by that. But yeah. And then your customers at Ball two or three times worth $74 so, you know, hopefully these come up. But even here, even once you did the the acquired them, you know, you're still probably ahead just a little bit on your second and third purchase. It's really getting

Speaker 1  27:16  
as many as possible. Should these guys, as they're doing ad spend? Should they be thinking, what should make them determine how much ad spend they should spend, and what they should be looking for in terms of, like, repeat rates and stuff like that.

Speaker 5  27:29  
I you know, is the business grows, the more you can put into ad spend to keep, you know, keep feeding it. If you spend five, and you can grow, and you can spend 10, and you can grow like, continue, there's going to come a point where you can, you can pull back, like I could pull back tomorrow, on the journey spin, sales would drop. There's no if, and their butts about that. Would it become more profitable? Yeah, but it the stage to get aim. It's like, do you want growth or do you want profit? Do you want the growth now and the profit later? You know their game is, we want as many customers as possible. That's why we're gaining 50% new customers. If that number was we're only getting 30% new customers, I wouldn't need to spend as much. It would just change the game on it. So it's just, you know, where do you want to be and what levers Do you want to

Speaker 1  28:21  
pull, but as long as you've got the ability to keep spending and you can get the acts, and this is easier money to get if you're funding what Ryan's talking about, what Austin's going to talk about, it's easier to fund this because you because people can. This is called performance marketing. So this is a big difference in traditional CPG marketing, personal CPG marketing is looking at your, you know, your brand positioning, looking at your ROI, but looking at them mainly from a brand standpoint, and looking at them from, you know, usually further away. This, this performance marketing is very, very quantitative. And I find, for me personally, this is the easier side of marketing. The harder side for me is when, again, we talked about it last week or a week before, but is having to do an ROI on a billboard? I mean, how do you do an ROI on a billboard? Whether it was successful or not, you really don't. But this stuff, you can, you can very clearly go specifically to the transactions. You can look at the ROIs on it. So I find that this aspect of marketing, the digital side, has gotten so much more interesting to me and for marketing, because I can really measure whether the brand's doing well or not doing well.

Speaker 5  29:28  
Yeah, I mean, you can measure, there's, there's so much data out there, it's just being able to put it all and be able to tell the story out of it, you know. And some things are going to work and some things aren't going to work. But you know, you never know. You're never going to know what didn't work if you don't give it a shot. Not, you know, not every, every time I set up a campaign, you know, there's some that are like, Man that was a complete failure there. Note to self. Get rid of those keywords. They're talking to the wrong audience. You know, what is it that if the people are clicking on and they're coming to the listing that they're not seeing, is this a listing change? Like you're so many different things when you read the data that you always, consistently can use that to be updating your listing as well, because the data can tell you one thing. You might think, Oh, my listing is perfect. It's got all this stuff. And then the data tells you something different. So a lot of points in there you can glean from it. And then Alan, you

Unknown Speaker  30:23  
just put, you just put something in the chat.

Speaker 6  30:24  
What was that? Because that's interesting. Yeah, disclaimer, disclaimer, I'm know the founders well, but it's they were, like, formally ran marketing and the shorts brand Chubbies and a couple other places, but they are building a platform helping you try to quantify things like billboards and other brand marketing initiatives, which I think is really interesting. It's super difficult, but I think there's ways to triangulate, but that's like a very large scale problem. I think it's less related to this tactically, but always like to share.

Speaker 5  30:55  
I would even say, you know, it's tough to say a billboard, and how does that affect, like Amazon, but that would go back also to what I mentioned earlier with with search query performance for it's seeing people search for a term. If I see a billboard and I'm like, Okay, it's only I'm gonna search for that brand before I would search for a generic term. Yeah. So you know, while it's not perfect, I do think it can tell a tale of what off site to back to Amazon,

Unknown Speaker  31:31  
people within the I'm sorry, Ali, go ahead.

Speaker 6  31:33  
I was just saying when I was at glossy, we did a lot of Halo analysis when we ran regional out of home media or open pop ups, and you could see it on like, both direct and channels like Amazon or Sephora for us, where you saw people, where you were running that, like running that media like anywhere from like 90 to 120 days later, you saw pops in those geos. But it takes a lot of patience, I think, and it's not perfectly as accurate and beautiful as these direct channels, where you can see every single thing accurately.

Speaker 5  32:03  
It's true, but it's good. I think it's good to look at it like that, so that people, you don't, I think so many people when it comes to what's the row, you know row as, and I get that, but I think some of these vanity metrics can lead you into a death trap, because you're not

Unknown Speaker  32:19  
you're looking Brian. This is

Speaker 5  32:22  
just a cohort map that just basically showed what, you know, the percentage of customers that have stuck with it. So, you know, I just pulled this. So if I look at, let's see, I'm going to go back to this March cohort here, this March cohort that you know, how it's built out. And even here, 12 months later, you've got, you know, 3.3% of that original cohort have purchased on it's still at month 12, and you know, you can see here some of them, you've got people even at month 18, that are still still purchasing. Now we're acquiring more customers. You can see here in this this data only goes through January, but in January of this year, you know, acquired 6400 new customers versus versus the 2400 new customers that we acquire here. So even if 2.6% if this number is the same this next time, this time next year, it's still three times number of people what it was here, because of the number of customers that have stuck with them.

Speaker 1  33:30  
And this is important that we measure this off, like he mentioned earlier, off the cohorts, which is a little different than where we typically measure data. But this is measured off of whatever point in time somebody comes into the brand, you know, that becomes the date that they're stuck with. They're assigned to that date for the rest of the time we measure them, because then we want to measure them like over 18 months. We want to measure them over six months, and because then we can project out, you know, if we project out what Ryan just said, if we know that the conversion rate is going to be 3x what it is in the beginning, and we've got more people converting. Now we know that 18 months later, we should have 3x number of people for that delta. And those are kind of things that you kind of slice and dice that kind of data too.

Speaker 5  34:11  
You had asked me something else, Jeff, about how many cohorts were. The four time were something earlier I did is in here. I actually built this thing out while I was eating lunch, so I forgot I'd even asked even put it in here. But here you can see at the march right here, that there's the 41% so it looks like 634 were the two or three. 534 were the four or more.

Speaker 1  34:41  
Think about that. That's pretty good. If you think about one, you know, one, six of the people are buying four times or more a year. I mean, that's, that's and then heavy buyers are what really move the numbers. It's definitely the, may not be the 8020 rule, but it's the, you know. Know, 40% 30 to 40% of the buyers make up 67% of the sales.

Speaker 5  35:04  
Typically, yeah, those, those 530 cohorts, you know, each worth $310

Speaker 1  35:14  
when you get an agency on Amazon, and you're kind of working through all this, or an individual, you know a couple things you want to make sure, one, you don't have the A Team selling you and the B team showing up, or the C team showing up to actually do the implementation. So that's that's important. And you want people to be able to show you this cohort analysis, because you a lot of brand, a lot of agencies, don't typically show you that. And it's really, it's, I don't know, I guess it's just an extra thing to do. But for me, this is really valuable data in this cohort analysis stuff.

Speaker 5  35:49  
Yeah, there's, I mean, the data is there, you know, for me, it's, and the great thing about is it's the same, you know, it's, it's just getting it and layering on over and over you're getting

Speaker 1  36:01  
here, Austin can also get out of out of his system, you know, as well. So why don't we switch gears and jump into Austin's and then we'll come back for Q and A for both of them. Thanks Ryan,

Speaker 2  36:13  
and thank you, Ryan for doing 90% of my job. Because that's always the most difficult stuff to try and convince the client. I think when we're talking about, like, especially, I remember in the early days, was like 1012, years ago, when I was still working, it's the main reason I wanted to get out of, like, retail marketing was because it was untrackable, right? And we always wanted to see, like, how many dollars from all of the events that I did. I think for Jeff and LA and San Diego, we're going to, like, four events a day, and I never really got to see a true ROI number, and at the end of the day, I think, like as much as it helps such at the time there, there was always like the thought in the back of my head that was like, Can I reach millions of people and not have a team of 10 running around, being all crazy, going to every single Whole Foods in LA or San Diego or anything like that? That's really where it all started for us. But Ryan's amazing at what he does, so we're always in kind of lockstep. I think there's huge I mean, there really is just massive similarities in Amazon and what we do on like the Shopify and even Tiktok side of things for a lot of our clients in CPG. But you said that, you hit the nail on the head, right? It's really even if you're looking for investors at a PE level or venture level, like their first question, unless they're terrible with their jobs, is like, what's your CAC and what's your LTV? I think the biggest thing about that is, if you're coming from a retail environment, often these numbers and all of the technology behind amazon and Shopify and meta and email and SMS marketing and everything in between is really unfamiliar to you, like for most people, I would say nowadays, it's way more common than it was 10 years ago. I think nobody was selling goods online at that point, at least to the extent that they are now. And that's the coolest thing, is you can pretty much track everything. I don't think anyone's heavily mastered and maybe al you have some comments on here, because you seem like you know attribution very well from that link in the chat, but I think when it comes to like meta and Google and all these platforms, in my opinion, a lot of them are like falsely reporting your true ROAs at the end of the day, because they're giving you a seven attribute, seven day attribution, a one one day attribution. And in reality, there's a lot more attributable effects on a marketing funnel, right? If you're running a whole meta campaign, like, what else is touching or another touch point to that sale, a lot of that does not happen within the seven day period, especially as a brand new brand in the in the market, you're going to have to try and measure other things, like what Ryan would consider tacos, we consider more of a blended ROAs, like, how much is your spend to revenue ratio and things like that. I say all that because we've always tried to kind of convince a lot of our clients of like, hey. Like, just because you look in the platform and it says you're getting $2 back for every dollar you spend, that's not really the truth. That's just what's happening in seven days. Yes, if you can raise that number, normally, you ended up raising your revenue to spend ratio and your blended ROAs, but at the end of the day, we kind of wanted to put that on paper. And Jeff, being a numbers guy, helped us kind of formulate, I would say, the most general way, because, again, we present a lot of this stuff to our clients, and you have to think very basic for the most part, it would be the most general way to kind of project out what your ad spend should be from zero, because we work with a lot of brands that are either just ideas or they're just launching their brand, and they want to know, like, why should I get into E commerce in general? So we'll walk you through kind of like this model and how we see it. It's definitely not perfect. I'm never going to convince anyone that this is a perfect model, but it is an easy way for people to see and track, hey, like, as a brand new brand, maybe I don't have a celebrity, maybe I don't have anything, and I'm solely relying on ad spend, which there is a ton of brands out there that do this, and you can still be profitable over time. You can still scale your brand, and more than anything, you can track your user data and really find your customer even sometimes, if you don't. Have a retail presence, and what you can also do is bring that data into a retailer and prove that your customers match. A lot of what I love about digital marketing, whether it's just on Shopify or any other platforms, is that it can coincide, and you can give people a different experience on Shopify than they would get in a retail store from just seeing your product on the shelf or even on Amazon. I think they can work in harmony. I think Ryan I work side by side on many different things, and there's the same type of E commerce experience, but with major differences. And you need to make sure you don't cannibalize Amazon when you're running a ton of meta and vice versa. So we're always looking at that, especially when it comes to like they're the newest versions of E commerce, like tick tock and like other platforms that are coming out and have been extremely successful at doing so. So we'll walk into this, and I'll show you like one awesome one

Speaker 1  40:50  
question before you do do you feel like that they do cannibalize each other. They don't cannibalize each other much.

Speaker 2  40:57  
So I would say that they don't, if you do it right, and that actually should help each other at all times. And the biggest differentiator to that, and Ryan, you probably have some good ideas here too, is like, in my opinion, you have a lot more control over the user experience and how you're selling a product on the Shopify store, because you can kind of just do whatever you want, right then you do on Amazon, who is a little more restrictive, and buyer based, they really protect their buyers, because I know without them, they'd be nothing, and you have less control over, like, how long you can run discounts without the motto, adjusting your pricing, and if you can offer a free gift with purchase and things like that, that you can kind of just pull trigger on in any given day or time span, on the Shopify side, So you have a lot more flexibility, in my opinion, but it comes at a cost, because you also don't have organic traffic like normal people on like everyone's going to Amazon these days, just and finding new products, finding existing products on the market. So you don't really have that true organic revenue source, in our opinion, from the get go, you have things like SEO, and I don't know if you have a celebrity, obviously, that majorly helps. I would say that's the key to the kingdom for a Shopify and Amazon store at that point, because you can drive, and that's why we always like work with a lot of celebrity based brands, is because you can drive a lot of traffic for very little cost there, and really segment how you do that and how you treat your Amazon customer different than how you would treat your Shopify or Tiktok customer. So we do that in a variety of ways. One of our very precious ways, I would say, is gift with purchase. When it comes to subscription, like, like Ryan was saying, one time, purchases are cool and all right, it's great, but you're never really profitable in any way, shape or form, unless you have like a 10x Pro S or whatever you want, especially on a drink brand that comes with heavy shipping costs and things like that, never really profitable, normally on the first purchase, right? That is never that's just a new customer acquisition tool. We never expect it to be. But I can tell you that most newcomers to e commerce expect themselves to be, and I think that would be a wrong expectation, because, as Ryan clearly stated, it's all about having returning customers and creating that LTV. So if you're spending $50 for a customer, you're getting $50 in revenue back. That's great, but you don't want to spend that $50 to get another purchase from them, which is where subscription really kicks in. I would say another huge difference between Amazon is, I think they're better at the loyalty aspect, just based on the fact that so many people trust Amazon that like normally. What we're seeing, if you measure a store one to one, your reoccurring customer rates by default, are higher on Amazon than they are on Shopify. That's not to be said it's better, it just kind of depends on the experience. But we do everything we can, and I'll show you a couple examples here to push more subscriptions than one time purchases. We'll even discount that first or give them a better value, per se, on higher AOV one time purchases than we ever will for a singular purchase of two boxes or three boxes, or whatever that is, to make sure we're pushing and incentivizing them getting on subscription first versus just jumping onto a one time purchase and never seeing them again. There's also ways on email and SMS and remarketing to push one time customers into obviously a subscription.

Speaker 1  44:09  
Customer, awesome. Sorry to bother. But can you interrupt you? Can you explain how the email you know, how generating your email list into cash makes sense for people? Yeah, 100% I

Speaker 2  44:18  
actually use an example. Let me pull this up real quick, this brand we started with about eight months ago. I love using this because to me, this was, like, a very interesting use case of one, one brand, and I looked at their product and like, I was just like, maybe because I'm a male and most of their consumers are female, but like, seaweed soup, to me, was never like, going to be a hit of a product when we started. It was just my thought process there. But clearly, there's definitely target markets that are extremely interested in seaweed soup for their benefits. It's a Korean based brand that came to America, was developed more in America and imported from Korea. Yeah, and I just didn't know the benefits at the time. I didn't know there's gut health benefits, which is obviously a huge thing in CPG right now. I didn't really realize that they had specific target markets like postpartum and during pregnancy. That is kind of traditional to the Korean market. But if you look at a brand like this, I think the number one thing that we do here is conversion optimization, and it's consistent. So we started with what I would consider a basic landing page. So this is like it's been optimized now, but I would say overall, you have your basic features. And the first thing that we implemented, because when we came on to them, they pretty much said, you either get 10% off for subscribing and saving to one box, and it has a little quantity selector we could press plus, and it would add another box, or you get the regular cost. So like when you look at a website, it always needs to be optimized, or else you're running in paid traffic and just losing money. But it doesn't necessarily just need to be optimized for one time purchases and subscriptions, and need to be optimized for total value. And what I mean by that is, if you look at their Buy Box, so this would be considered their Buy Box, the biggest thing that we can do here is we actually don't incentivize people to come on the site. They get no real discount Other than this, other than what Jeff was speaking of, which is, normally, there's a pop up here. I've already signed up for it. We have rules to say, if they've already signed up for it, it's not going to show it again. But the first thing that pops up, even before the Rio website is a pretty much 10% off offer for first time customers, because you want to incentivize them to get on board with your product, and that's one of the easiest ways to do that. But even when you're talking about e commerce, one of the biggest conversion points that you can do is grab their email and their SMS, their phone number, right? Because if they do not purchase and they don't sign up and you don't have their email and SMS, then you have to pay another customer acquisition cost, or another cost per click to get them to the site right. So email and SMS is by far some of the most effective way and cheapest ways for paid paid marketing and the paid side of marketing to really keep a customer that may or may not have committed to an action on your website coming back and more education.

Speaker 1  47:03  
That's just basically, when you're working with your technology or your Amazon or your your meta provider, you just, you need to acquire those you know, you need to have a little pop up to acquire and to get them to sign up.

Speaker 2  47:16  
Right? Yep, there's pop ups. There's things like footer where you say, sign up for exclusive updates and offers anywhere that you can, kind of you want that to be the first thing that they see, because if they came from an ad and land on your website, you know there's some interest. The level of interest is really what indicates if they're going to become a customer or not. But even before you try and sell them on something, give them an incentive to collect their information would be the game plan there, right? So always collect their email and collect their phone number, or else, if they just leave your site and don't make a purchase, you're never really going to be able to effectively communicate and try and sell them on your brand if they haven't purchased the first time. There is tools that try and kind of scrape their information, whether they're legal or not. Is a big debate. There's definitely large amounts of debate about that, especially in Congress and things like that. But in general, there are tools that kind of scrape it if they don't sign up. But oftentimes what we see is that's a lessly incentivized customer, like they're not if they didn't sign up for your email and SMS, they're not truly heavily interested in your product, because you just pretty much gave them a discount for signing up, right? You give them five to $10 for free off their purchase. So that's the first step on every single website across that we own, is collecting their data. That's huge. You got to make sure you're very legally sound there. I would say there's a lot of things that you need to be aware of when it comes to collecting their data, but overall, that is always the first step of all the websites we have.

Speaker 1  48:41  
Can you go through an example now, of like, how you're, you know, there's a couple of companies you've

Speaker 2  48:47  
done, yeah, let me actually. Let me pull this up in an incognito. It should pull up. Yeah, there we go. Okay, so this is the average experience for a new customer. A couple years

Speaker 1  48:58  
ago, I challenged Ryan when I, we were talking about, you know, because he told me at this strategy, and I'm like, Okay, let me see your case studies. And he didn't have a lot of case studies. And I said, Well, let's, you know, I mean, get a case study for good, but he'd done it, but he just didn't have the case studies. And so in the last two years, I think he's done a pretty phenomenal job kind of building the case studies out. You could just show a few of them.

Speaker 2  49:20  
I appreciate that. Yeah, Jeff definitely challenges on that one. And now, instead of one, I told Jeff the other day, we have 20. But it's really a rinse and repeat process, and again, it less matters, in my opinion, about the product that you're trying to sell. You want a good product, obviously, but all of us here think we have great products. It's actually, like, very technical, and it's not just about like, Hey, can you make a change on this site? And some of that can take a week, right? If you want to make a simple change. Obviously, that's where development comes in. A lot of people don't understand how tedious a lot of this work is, and how much you can't just go in and just click one button and then it arrives. A lot of it's all logic based. But this is the average experience for this website. We. You pop up this website from an ad, this is the first thing you actually see, so don't actually go directly to their website. They'll say, hey, claim your 10% off. You'll plug in your email address here. Email is always notoriously easier to get from people than SMS, so we always run a two step kind of methodology here. People are just kind of funky about giving away their phone numbers for free. But again, that's where you can measure if your submit rate is higher for your email you know those you're going to have a good email list. And then the second step we ask for is their phone number, so that we don't miss out on one of the other. If we were to offer that, to grab both of them at the same time, because people are we always see a drop off and submit rate from email to SMS. So normally, your average person 5% of your sessions to 10% of your sessions will come and sign up for your email because the email is just like, you get a lot of spam in there by default, but your phone number normally see that drops to around anywhere from two to 5% on average, depending on how well you've done it. So we always get a two step phone number here. I'll get mine. Don't text me, please. No, just kidding. And normally what will happen is you'll get both an email with that discount code, and then you will also get an SMS asking you one this is just a legality press Y to pretty much subscribe. Once you press Y, you'll also get that discount code in your SMS. What we're seeing is SMS, on average, is way more effective when it comes to if you have 1000 people on your SMS list, which, if you have 1000 people on your email list, SMS normally wins. And the reason that is specifically for us who's pushing a lot of traffic from mobile sources is that most people check their email way less than they check their text messages, right? So like, and it's kind of an easy inclination say, Hey, here's your 10% off code. They check their text they click on the link, and then they just redeem their code when they're rocking out for a purchase. So that's how you always want to do that step. First, it's an easy sell. They're not really paying for anything. They don't then for credit card information, but it allows you to remarket to individuals that may not purchase on your site for very, very cheaply. And as we state, it's always better to market for cheaper and create more long term value, because most people, like a lot of I would even say like 95% of customers, or 94% of customers, don't actually purchase on the first time they come to this site, we have to what we would consider nurture them, which is where we build out automated flows based on their actions to pretty much ensure they're getting more information about seaweed soup. How does it help benefit them on their daily Why is it part of their wellness ritual? Everything and beyond, we've set up automated flows. So right when I signed up there, there's seven triggered emails that come in a time span of around a week or two to educate them further on the products, about the founder, why it was even created in the first place, why it's traditional, why it's delicious, what recipes they can make with it, and everything in between. That's just the first I would say, automation that we've run. There's also automations that are based on triggers. So if I were to go in this site, I just give them my email and my SMS. I go in here and I click shop, and I go to brown broth rituals, and I land on this page that is an action that creates a trigger for our email and our SMS to say, hey, we know that they browsed this product. So what do we want to do if they bounce off of our site at this state and just close it and or go to another website or URL? We want to, again, give them two or three more emails over a certain time span to say, Oh, hey, we saw you looking at this product. We saw that you are interested in this product. Here's more information. Here's more information on it. Do you like it? We saved whatever information that you gave us come back and pretty much purchase from us, right? Likewise, if they even go a step further and they click add to cart, for example, so which is technically our Start Now button, because we've maybe tested that language, and they've added it to cart, and then they leave our site. That's a trigger and automates email and SMS about two or three more to say, hey, look like we saw you, add this product to your car, right? And that's where people, I think, get very timid about, like, overdoing email and SMS. I don't think there is such thing as overdoing it, unless you're being just absolutely crazy about it, and you don't have your filter set up properly to where you would get, like, your abandoned car flow, your welcome flow, and everything at the same time. That's just a mistake, in my opinion, and you're killing your customers. So you want to make sure that all of that logic behind your email and SMS is set up very, very seamlessly. But for example, you can also go all the way to checkout and you'll get another trigger, more information on the product. All of that is very cheap to use. It's very cheap to market through email and SMS, in our opinion, in comparatively to spend another $50 on trying to a customer. You're trying to acquire your customer because you already

Speaker 1  54:31  
got the customer kind of there, and you know that. And then it's just a question of hitting with these different levels of different, you know, phases, I guess, or something, of where you're at just to see what, because it's going to be cheaper to do that you're saying, then go out and get a whole nother customer and get them interested,

Speaker 2  54:46  
or even remarket to the same customer from an ad, right? An ad remarketing sale, on average, for us, runs around five to $10 for a remarketing campaign versus an email and acquiring a customer there, we're talking. Like $1 or two, right? So it's different $8 of acquiring that customer over the first lifespan of their first purchase. So it's a huge difference. Email and SMS is a must. Like, people always say, it's funny, we get this all the time from our clients to always say, like, well, I don't like it when I get marketing emails and SMSs. And I'm like, okay, but we have every other store over here saying that there's probably 20% of the 100% of emails that you get and SMS that you get that are really highly engaged customers, and they truly love your product, and they will keep coming back, and that's where you create

Unknown Speaker  55:37  
that lifetime value. Any questions for Austin so far, I

Speaker 1  55:45  
was going to flip into showing some of the comparisons of some of the stuff that they do. I mean, for Q, A is good, though, awesome. Thanks.

Speaker 2  55:52  
100% when we talk about that's just one little minute part of the E commerce funnel. Normally you run, you run from ads or whatever traffic source you're talking about to your website, you see that pop up during your shopping experience. One of the most important things that we do is, like most people that have never done e commerce before, they look at a website and don't see it the same way that people are very educated on from a conversion perspective. So we're going to talk about conversion because if you have 100 sales or 100 customers or 100 sessions, I should say, 100 people visiting your website, you convert 1% you get one sale. If you can improve that to a 2% you just doubled the money you're getting back from normal Austin, this site converts at about a six so 6% of our customers at any given time are converting into sales from those sessions. The range

Unknown Speaker  56:43  
of normality is,

Speaker 2  56:46  
in general, I'd say all websites like, if you're not above a 2x you're hurting pretty bad. Yeah, 2% and that's, again, it depends on what stage your brand is at. But like, I would say, for a brand new brand, you want to be above that 3% mark, and that's when you know you're converting really good. Your traffic sources are really parsed in very nicely. You're hitting the right customers from a traffic perspective, and your website is converting them because it's an easy to use experience for the customer. But this, I would say, is the farthest like example of conversion, because when you're running ads, you have to be targeting a certain group of people. In my opinion, meta will always try and convince you to go broad. And I have a problem certain with certain brands do very well at Broad targeting because they're a product that applies to a lot of people in general. But when you're talking about a certain group of people in a certain product in CPG that has very specific benefits, I like to parse down that in the beginning. So for example, this is our regular landing page. So this would be the normal customer experience, and we use this as a testing ground. And why I say testing ground is because when we open a new segment of audience that we're trying to attain and convert on the meta side of things, such as moms, for example, the number one thing we do is we don't want to spend a ton of time redeveloping another page for just moms. We want to test the audience and traffic and make sure they're even in tune with what this product provides from a motherly perspective. In that case, so we'll run it to a basic landing page like this. One, because we don't want to cause excess work on our side. Two, because we're still testing the audience and traffic to see if there's even any interest in the first place. As soon as we see that this basic landing page converts for moms, for example, to a certain extent, maybe it converts it 3% 4% maybe. Then what we'll do, because that's good conversion, and we know there's a market for it, we know we're matching the like market with the like audience and a good landing page, then what we'll do is we'll actually pretty much copy and paste this landing page and then adjust some of the language and elements around that to be more steady towards moms. Because we're now running a traffic source, and we know there's moms in there, we want them to see a landing page that is more mom developed and mom oriented. So you'll see a couple of things. When I bring up the second page, you'll see the structure kind of stays the same, because we know this is a good converting structure, but what we do is we'll say very similar structure, but now it's nourishing seaweed soup for moms. It's talking about every stage of womanhood, pregnancy, postpartum, everyday, hormone support, motherly topics, right? And there's even parts where we would come down here and there would be more mom correlated topics, and maybe doulas are talking about how it's great for pregnancy and post pregnancy and things like that. So you're really just honing in on that audience and giving them content that fits the audience better. Again, I wouldn't just keep doing that every time, because it takes a lot of time to develop new landing pages and adjust, but we've gotten this site to where we can pretty much now, due to the way that we developed it, copy paste pretty quickly. And now we're talking about, okay, that's great. We tested a Korean audience, and it looks like this, and it's more about comfort, because it's a traditional kind of delicious soup from Korea. So that's where our Korean audience is landing, on this page, not the regular page, not the moms page. So. Just talking to that customer differently, and if the pop up were to pop up again, I already signed up for it. But even the pop up itself, the 10% off offer, talks more to moms and talks more to Koreans based on the audiences that we're trying to match them with. On meta, there's also one that's huge in today's world of CPG, which is, we call it wellness, but the wellness audience in meta is one of the top performing audiences for things like digestion, gut health and fiber. So we've signed that out, and as soon as we found that out, obviously we're talking about things like gut health meets modern wellness. It's rich in fiber for smooth digestion, that kind of correlation. And I would even take it one step further, even this imagery over here should be even inclusive of that type of thing and of that type of text, copy and imagery, it should be talking to that exact audience. Because the more you match those two, the more you get conversion, the more email often. Yep, same thing. Because when you have different pop ups, so like the pop up that talks to moms, or the pop up in this case that talks about gut health, we'll put them into a segment for email that obviously tells them more about the gut health benefits than it does about postpartum or moms or whatever the other audiences are. So they're all seen.

Speaker 3  1:01:11  
May I ask a question? Yeah. So like the on the URL page, like what they are targeting is visible to you, maybe because of the presentation, but like for a customer, will they see it, or will they just see a coded version so that it doesn't sound obvious to them that, oh, yeah, I'm I'm in this page because I'm a mom, or, like, or what do they see as a customer

Speaker 2  1:01:36  
versus you? Yeah, as a customer, they will see just their experience. So from, if they're coming from the moms ad that we ran, they're going to see the moms experience, and that's that's the only real thing that they know, unless they start clicking around into other pages of the website, and they'll see more general content. That makes sense.

Speaker 3  1:01:55  
So but like the in the URL, it will say moms, or something

Speaker 2  1:01:59  
like that, correct? Like this one says wellness. If we go to moms, it'll say, Mom, okay, I would say most customers don't even realize that. Half the time,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:08  
okay, just out of curiosity.

Speaker 2  1:02:10  
So yeah, 100% they'll see everything mom correlated, or everything wellness slash gut health correlated, or everything Korean, Asian inspired, and that kind of stuff. But even before that type of stuff, guys like, if I had to say, where do we start with conversion? It's actually just in the actual structure. So when a lot of people build websites, they do a lot of things that we have issues with, because they'll make a beautiful looking website that doesn't convert and doesn't have good functionality. When we talk about branding and functionality. There is a way to marry the two, which is why I handled the conversion aspect and Hannah handles the

Speaker 2  1:02:47  
the design and branding aspect of these websites is because you can marry them to make a good looking website. It's also easy to use and easy to convert customers. Most people are too focused on their brand elements and how good it looks versus how good it works. We see that happen all the time. We're the first to, like, audit them and say, Hey, like, you're missing out on a lot of money here. And for a young brand, that's extremely important. I've seen a lot of people spend 30, $40,000 with their website, and it looks beautiful when you look at it, and then you get to the conversion rate, it's like, 1% and you're like, well, this isn't helping you. No wonder you're mad because, like, your website doesn't work. You probably think it's your ads. You probably think it's like how your website looks, but it's actually just about the functionality. And what I mean by functionality is there's key elements that you want to include on something like a product page and a landing page. So we're going to walk through a very good example of that right now. They started with one skew. And keep in mind, this brand probably does about, I think they just crossed around $400,000 in revenue a month. We took from pretty much 5000 to that in like less than eight months through these tactics. So they started and they had one single option for either get 10% off for one box when you subscribe, or just get the product and you get no really additional value or discount. What we did is we took this landing page and one, we redid the whole thing, redesigned the whole thing for what we would consider over the past 3040, sites that we've managed in the last year or two to ensure that like it matches all the correct attributes of good conversion. What I mean by that is, one, you have your flavor first, right? As you guys very well, know, I'm sure of because Jeff loves flavor orientation and talking about flavor, flavor is one of the most important topics for an edible or consumable good. So we always put that at the forefront. That's what they pretty much have to choose. First is, are you going to go with the vegan version? Are you going to go with the bone broth? At first, we didn't even have this because we only had the bone broth version, and then by default. That's the best part about e commerce. We don't just throw products at the wall and say, hopefully these work. We actually collected a consumer study to say, hey, what else do you guys want to see as an option? And one of the highest ones that we saw from people that actually bounced from our site and didn't purchase was it was because they were vegan. So we created a vegan option. Need to obviously suppress that need and upgrade our conversion, because we knew we were giving vegans an option to also purchase the seaweed soup. So that is not just something that we were like, hey, this be a good idea for a product, right? This is something that actually just came about from customer feedback entirely. So about 20% of our customers at one point were like, pretty much requesting that we were doing vegan. And they couldn't use the bone browser, and they wanted the seaweed soup, but they couldn't. Product offerings have a lot to do with conversion. We want to give the people what they want, but even pasture flavor orientation. This is where we have really devised and tested, for lack of a better word, tested the living hell out of this. And it works like really smart. One of the biggest problems you have in CPG, especially with a low AOV product. AOV is your average order value. If you're selling a set of 12 drinks for $30 it's gonna be really hard to be profitable when you have high shipping costs. It's gonna be really hard when you're paying $30 to acquire that customer. So when we look at the overall profitability and lifetime value, two of the things and the biggest ways to do that are one, getting them on subscription, and two, getting them to not only just order one, but order two or three. A lot of people use quantity selectors, which is just saying a one in the middle and then a plus or a minus. I never use those anymore, because when we did our testing, this actually was way easier for the customer to understand. And you'll kind of see why here. It's a scaling, pretty much incentive for the customer to buy more and to buy on subscription. So if you click one time purchase here, what you'll see is that we don't give them a discount. We also on load, we automatically load their selection as the two box instead of just the one box. But when you go for one time, you don't actually get incentivized, and you get zero discount. You just pay the $45 and check out, and you're on your way, right? We don't ever incentivize that. If you're going to order two boxes for one time purchase, you get your $5 off. But again, we're not heavily incentivizing it because, again, they're not on a subscription. Same thing was a four box one time, you get a larger discount for ordering, just more in general, but it's still only a one time purchase. When you go to your best value, which is your subscription, here, what you'd really find is even for one box, the difference between one box on a subscription and one time purchase is 15% again, I would not recommend these percentages for most brands. They just have an obscene margin on seaweed soup because they're selling it for a crazy dollar amount. But right now, you're only paying $38.25

Speaker 1  1:07:24  
for a one box, recommend for Like, Subscribe and Save As a discount.

Speaker 2  1:07:27  
That's a great call. I think, at these values, if you have a one box, a two box and a four box, my norm is to make your one time purchases. This will normally start around 5% your four box normal, or three box normally starts around 10% and then your subscribe and say, one box starts around 10% this one starts at 15, so it's a little higher. And then you kind of scale that to 15% here there's just 25 which is really large, because that's our best seller. And then your four box is pretty much anywhere in the ballpark of like 20% to higher. The goal of that is to incentivize, obviously, a higher AOV and more subscriptions. There's also, that's just one way to increase conversion. This is just the buy box, right? So this is just saying. It's making it very clear for the customer, the more they buy and the more they go for a subscription, the better value they're going to get. I'm going to show you another one, because that's not where this stops. A lot of people don't care as much about discounts as they do value discounts can also hurt your brand in certain ways. So we always focus on like cool. This brand has a high discount structure in general. But we can also do other things, because this is not the step that you normally lose people at, right? You can get there. You can get them to add it to cart, but when you add it to cart, sorry, let me clear this, and you'll see this come up if you just add a one time purchase to cart, right? We know our value of that one time purchase isn't that high because it hasn't created immediate lifetime value, or at least immediate potential for more lifetime value. Only potential it's gotten us is, hey, we can email them and try and try and push them over to a subscription, which we still have to pay more money for, albeit very minimal dollars. What we always try and do is bring the value of subscription and the experience. And this is what I mean by differentiating your experience from Amazon to Shopify, because it's something, in my opinion. And Ryan correct me if I'm wrong here that you cannot do. We are always super heavy on if you're going to be on a long term subscription from us, we want to reward you. So if you go to a one time purchase and you try now, any one time purchase option, you're just getting the product like you're not getting you're really getting anything else here. And oftentimes, what will happen, especially if you're not offering free shipping, is you'll go to a checkout and then you're at 162 already for a four box. And then once you plug in your shipping information, another $10 gets added. Right? I always do free shipping, regardless of it, because it helps your conversion higher be higher, because of this step right here, if you get to all the way to check out, you add another $10 $5 whatever dollars, honestly, you're bound to see low. Conversion from AD to actual purchase.

Speaker 1  1:10:03  
Awesome. I think this is great. Can we think I want to, like, pivot over, open it up for Q and A, for some people, 100% because we don't have a ton of time left. This is great. What anybody have any questions? Steve rez, Michael Monica, I mean, doesn't, but, yeah, but anybody have any questions on this stuff? So far, we've been talking about

Unknown Speaker  1:10:34  
Rez. Any questions?

Speaker 7  1:10:38  
Sure, let's say you're at the very, very, very early stages, and you haven't made a website yet, and your pre production. How would you go about, kind of, putting your initial website up, pre production, and thanks for all this information. This was incredible.

Speaker 2  1:10:58  
When you say, how do you mean, like, what platforms to use? Or should you start?

Speaker 1  1:11:03  
Where do you go? Who do you call Ghostbusters? I mean, what do you do?

Speaker 2  1:11:07  
I mean, I mean, yeah, in any case, definitely call us. Obviously, just from you guys, being in this group, we'll give you a lot of benefit of the doubt, and just try and lead you through the way, especially because we want you guys to succeed. And obviously we're here for you. I'll put it that way, and I'm not talking about from a cost perspective. I'm simply talking about, if you need more information about that, we could definitely walk you through the process. Normally, that's not something we do, but I would say in this case, it definitely is. So we can help guide your way there. And then, obviously, we offer a ton of people services, but for this group, like just ask, we're readily available to help you. But I would say you're always going to want to start with the Shopify store. In my opinion, for buyable products. There's a couple other platforms out there that people have been dabbling in. In my opinion, Shopify is just so far ahead of, like, the buying and purchasing and even AI game, that the only one that really competes with it on a design level is like something like Webflow. But it's not built for, like, in my opinion, shopping. It's built for kind of like just great design. And again, great design doesn't mean good conversion in most cases. But I would always start with a Shopify store.

Speaker 1  1:12:11  
Let me stop there for one second, because let's get Ryan. Ryan, what do you say about that? Because you think you always start with a Shopify store. You think it's, oh, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 5  1:12:21  
no, I agree with Austin. I think that there's a lot of other options out there, but, you know, to this point like Shopify so far ahead, and they make it so easy, you're gonna you're going to be able to find someone that can help guide you through Shopify, a heck of a lot easier than you're going to find somebody can guide you through another process. I mean, they've made it so user friendly. So yeah,

Speaker 1  1:12:43  
about the idea of some people connecting their back end to Amazon from Shopify.

Speaker 5  1:12:50  
So most people that do something like that would be only if they were, you know, say they were fulfilling their orders. So say you were using Amazon is your three PL, because you don't have a three PL, and you're like, I need to have a Shopify store, and I need to ship it. That would be a case scenario. You can add a buy with prime button on Shopify sites. I personally haven't seen a great you know, I don't see a ton of orders, because I can see that in the back end. When I pull data for brands. I don't the brands that do have buy with prime one Shopify sites. I don't see it as like. It's not something that I would like say, Hey, you have to have it. So I would say the advantage, the only thing would be as if you were using it from a three PL

Speaker 1  1:13:39  
standpoint, how that works, that you can use. You could use Amazon as your three PL, because it's an option. If you're having trouble finding a three PL, it's definitely an option, right, right?

Speaker 5  1:13:53  
Yeah, as long as you're FBA, I mean, if you're, you know, say you've got 1000 units of something, and you're like, I'm going to ship them all to Amazon. I'm going to sell them on Amazon. I'm going to, you know, pay Amazon, you know, their storage fees or whatever, and then I'm going to have Amazon ship the product. There is a connector between the two of them, I would agree.

Speaker 1  1:14:16  
Thank you. And Steve, Steve, how are you planning to set up? You know, yes,

Speaker 4  1:14:21  
Austin, we're, we're deep into the process with a fabulous branding farm that's going to have beautiful packaging, beautiful website, beautiful imagery, but lacking this, this, this fine touch. So rather than jumping in looking at the return on that early investment and the heavy, heavy spending on ad. If we're going to take a certain amount of time, to six months to a year of really intensive demos in store, retail to find the messaging, the pitch, before leaning in heavy online, and we are starting with a Shopify site, how long to go before you do this really kind of precise fine tuning? Is it worth? Worth it to take a while to really nail that before leaning in heavily on ads and these kind of really great fine tuning on a Shopify site, or do it out of the gate?

Speaker 2  1:15:11  
Yeah, I would try and do as much as you can out of the gate, right? Because, like, the more you do now, the more dollars you're going to get immediately when you start to run your traffic sources. So it's immediately crucial, like, we refer to it as like, your website, your email, your SMS, is like a bucket full of holes. You're just pouring water for it, and you're just trying to plug the holes as fast as possible. And that's what conversion really is. It's finding where is the customer not converting, and improving the experience there. The cool thing, in our opinion, is we've kind of we build sites with what we would consider baseline conversion. So we use every other data point that we have for every other CPG brand to build the store into with what we know works, right? So you're starting from a much better baseline when you start your paid traffic sources versus a lot of people, specifically branding agencies. No offense, Steve, don't really use the data to build their site from other stores, because maybe they're dealing with maybe non CPG brands, and it's really difficult to kind of combine those experiences into something good for CPG. But like overall, if they have no CRO experience and they're just making it good looking, chances are going to have conversion issues. So definitely do that now and up front before you spend a dime or even waste time on organic traffic, make sure your website, your email and your SMS flows are top tier. That's where I would always spend more money now, and it's going to save you and make your business a lot more scalable in the future, for sure, there's people that come to us all the time. They're like, Why do your sites cost $40,000 or whatever? It's like, you're not really paying us because of the hours. At that point, you're paying us because we're going to give you something handed over to you that converts. And then, normally, on our monthly marketing plans, if we're doing their paid media, we like, have to do their site because, like, you don't want those siloed if people can run traffic all day to a web page, but if it doesn't convert, then your ads are going to hurt. You're going to see huge CPAs, and you're not going to really find it and identify those problems. That's why we do kind of full funnel marketing over here, where we control their website, their ads, their content creation and their email and SMS, because it's pretty much making it one continuous and seamless and very good looking customer experience at that point, versus if you have them all siloed and different people are doing different things you're

Speaker 1  1:17:23  
not going to be able to do. Having the consistency is good. Thank you. Other questions people have, Mike, Michael Gina, what have you guys done? Michael, on your website so

Speaker 8  1:17:36  
far, you know, it's funny. I had to find the mute here. I'll come on screen too. I was just eating a snack, and Austin, good to see you again. I actually, you know, I'm kicking myself, because what was it? You know, two years ago, Jeff, we did your original program, and Austin and I were chatting, you know, he was going to do an initial conversion rate audit on the site. And somehow we all got busy, and we never did it. And I'm like, shit. I don't know how much money I've lost over the last. Lost over the last year. It's probably a lot. You know, truthfully, we haven't done anything. So, like, we're behind on this. You know, we, as Jeff knows, and we've always said we really kind of took a, you know, our, in our, in our own minds, and probably not that smart, but, you know, a crow, walk, run, approach. And so we didn't spend a lot of money on anything. We had friends, and, you know, the fitness community with us. We literally had somebody that built our site for 2500 bucks. And you know, we were really happy with it, because it went from like version one, which was somebody, you know, we paid 20 bucks an hour, and somebody built and then, you know, what you see now is version two. And I think, you know, it certainly looks better, but we were still in the process of, you know, changing our can designs and doing all of that kind of stuff, and so we didn't want to run any paid until we sort of felt like we had the branding correct. But so we haven't done a lot of this as a short answer. So I guess the only value I can add for anybody else listening is probably don't do what we did and do it sooner, I'm sure. And we got to do something now. We've also

Unknown Speaker  1:19:08  
managed your cash too. So that's been, yeah,

Speaker 8  1:19:11  
I mean, we haven't spent. I mean, I, I think the thing we're happiest with is we're a beverage brand that's, you know, had didn't die in the first year. So, yeah, we're, we're around in three years, and we've made progress on the retail front, you know, but we are, we are planning on starting to do some performance marketing this year, even if it's just, I mean, I'm, and I'm really curious. I mean, you know, Austin and Ryan, Ryan, I know you've done a lot of we chatted before as well. And Jeff suggested, you know, circling back up. I mean, I think our our thought is we do want to launch Amazon this year, and we want to start doing some performance marketing, you know, on meta, we did just get accepted into sprouts. And so we go into the forager set, July 1. And so we want to make sure that, you know, our online brand is also driving retail traffic and all of that. And. Obviously, if we can generate, you know, some DTC revenue as well. You know, I know everybody says it's hard with beverage but, but honestly, we at least want to get the most we can out of the channel. So that's I was excited for this, this call today. And, you know, hopefully we'll get a chance to follow up with both you guys after

Speaker 1  1:20:17  
Yeah, and I'll connect everyone to both Austin and Ryan as well. I think they're both good to talk to them. They're both happy to talk to people.

Speaker 8  1:20:26  
Actually, I don't know if you guys said this in here, and I was on for the whole thing, although I wanted to take a quick phone call, real quick, but just kind of curious. And Ryan, I know you touched on this a little bit, but do you guys have a thought when you're really sort of like just starting out on, like, what is the initial budget to make Jeff and I have had this conversation a little bit before, but if you're saying, like, Hey, we've literally never ran a paid ad, in fact, not to waste everybody's time with it. But one of the funny things was, when we were going to try Gina and I were like, oh, we should start doing this. And and then we realized the E or the the Facebook account that was connected to like our Instagram account, everything like that, our partner Todd, lost the email address for it, lost all the login credentials. We couldn't set up meta business manager, so we literally reset our entire Instagram, like, two months ago and started over. So I was like, like, we've never ran a paid ad. We've done nothing. And so, like, you hear different things, and it's like, you know, somebody told me, like, it's $10 a day, you know, per ad set that you're testing, or something like that. But you know, it was, like, these really rough numbers that I was hearing on, you know, meta. I don't know if you guys have a general thought in terms of, like, Hey, if you're going to go out to this and you want to do them in parallel. Like, what do you need to put into both?

Speaker 2  1:21:44  
I'm gonna give you a long form answer in very short words, the amount you spend is the timeline in which you learn your audience, right? So, like, you can learn with $10 a day, but it's going to take you years, right, to really define your audience and do a lot of the optimization here, because it's a you're paying to get the data at the end of the day and to learn who your audience is. For example, you could spend 100 to $200 a day, which would be more my recommendation as a starting point, and that 5000 to $10,000 a month range is really where we see like, okay, you can get enough to where you learn a good amount, and you can really get your business going. Spending below that, just like, takes you too much time to learn who your audience is. It doesn't allow you to scale. Because, like, people will look at the website like, Oh, you're spending five to 10. Cool, you got a 2k you might have made that efficient the next month, and maybe you got a three or four. But like, it all depends on how much you spend for how much you're getting back, because that is your number one traffic source for true sales is like, the more budget you can get up front, the faster you're going to learn who your audience is, the faster you can get more dollars back for every dollar you spend. Because it's really all in

Speaker 8  1:22:50  
the data that makes sense and so, so five grand is kind of like your baseline, 100 bucks a day or so, you know roughly, to start on meta, that that that would just

Unknown Speaker  1:23:01  
be meta, that would be my recommendation.

Speaker 1  1:23:03  
Is that what you think, Ryan, too, on on Amazon? Yeah. I mean,

Speaker 5  1:23:07  
I totally agree. I mean, it's the same thing with Amazon. You're collecting data. You're just collecting a different format than what you are collecting it on meta. But you know, if you're only spending 10 bucks a day, and you're only getting five clicks a day, you're really not going to know, because it's, it's theoretically going to take you 10 or more clicks to probably get a sale on some of the stuff. And you're going to start out with some auto campaigns that they, you know, they, they're going to try to find you, you know, who's, who's clicking and what, what keywords like. You know, I can do all kinds of research on the front end, but it does. I mean, it takes the it takes money to make money, and I totally agree with what Austin saying. You know, same thing on Amazon. The first months you're buying data, you're finding out, like what keywords you have a chance to convert on, which ones you have no chance to convert on, what's parts of your listings that you need to make adjustments to based on what you're seeing through, from click through rate. So yeah, I'm aligned with them on that one.

Speaker 8  1:24:06  
And do you guys recommend putting all, sorry, one more quick question. Like, you know, all your kind of DTC money, for the most part, into meta and Amazon if you're going to leverage those platforms. Like, I mean, like, I know some people were talking about like they're doing, you know, Google AdWords or SEO optimization, that sort of stuff. It doesn't feel like that's what people are talking about putting

Speaker 2  1:24:28  
money into. That's a secondary one for me. Like, yeah, it's like you need brand awareness. Because, like, Google is kind of an iffy platform for being honest, depending on if you're running branded search. Because branded search looks really good, but is it really affecting your bottom line, because you have organic listings too, it's kind of hard to tell it's more of a competitive benefit on Google, but yeah, and then your broader key terms, your non branded key terms on Google, are just really expensive now because everybody's kind of bidding on them. But that's my that's my take on it. You need to develop your brand awareness and you have more educational space on a meta ad. Add than you do, kind of with Google, in my opinion,

Speaker 5  1:25:03  
I would, I would say, if you do Google, do it very light, because Google is actually going to get sales from meta and take credit for them exactly.

Speaker 2  1:25:14  
Yeah. So build your brand presence and then kind of protect it with Google, is the way that we look at it. So if we're spending 20k we might put two or three of that towards Google to protect and maybe try and bid on some of the non branded key terms, but most of that is going into pure new customer acquisition, right? Because if people, even if people are purchasing from your branded, chances are, like Brian said, they didn't know to search unless they saw you somewhere else, which is probably going to be meta, right? So it does help to have that. And some people, depending on what industry and what product you're selling, are very proficient at that, but you want to get your brand out there, and the most educational space you have is definitely on meta. That's helpful. Transversely, Tiktok is becoming a massive platform for us. Like, it's really solid. We've run a bunch of stuff like that. But you got to know what you're doing. Like, it's almost an affiliate.

Speaker 8  1:26:04  
You guys doing Tiktok stuff too. Awesome. Yep. We got approved on Tiktok shop. And then there's, I don't, I don't know if we lost Jean or not. She might be running around, ranging our kids, but the i She can speak to the issue we had there more there was, like, one last thing we had to do, like, we got everything approved and all connected, but we only had a 12 pack, and we were like, we're not going to ship 12 packs to our affiliates. And so everybody said we need to have so we actually got a three pack. We got, like, a sample box, if we could ship to affiliates of, you know, three pack or whatever, but then we haven't been able to connect that three pack to our Shopify, so that, like, it all flows through. So that's the only reason we haven't launched there. I know we need to do that one as well.

Speaker 2  1:26:48  
Now you know exactly why I tell you like, it's more like, it's not necessarily about what product you're selling. It's more about how well you know the back end of these platforms, because they are, they are intense, if you don't, because it feels like just a bunch of gibberish, the structures, all meta stuff. They're not good at this stuff. Even meta, you think with billions and billions of dollars, they'd have a very seamless user experience. They have like, one of the worst, in my opinion. But if you're new to it, you have to know it out yours to really just know it like the back of your hand. But we can help with all that stuff, even if it's just to help you.

Speaker 1  1:27:19  
Mike, that's awesome. Why don't we kind of wrap up now, I know it's been a really great kind of session. Thank you Ryan. Thank you Austin. Time to do that. I will circulate their contact information. They're both like fonts of knowledge. Again, guys, I really appreciate you guys taking the time to come in and do this. Thank you. Appreciate Okay, again, gang, we'll I'll circle back on the next one. I think we have a break next week, and then we jump back into another set of weekly, bi weekly founders discussion, and I'll get more Q and A in it too. So if any of you have specific questions you want to talk to me about separate just shoot me an email or a text and I'll jump on a call with you guys. But thanks again, Ryan, thanks again. Austin, appreciate it. Thank you. Have a good day, everybody. Thanks.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
