Unknown Speaker  5:34  
Hello, there. Hey, Jeff, Hey guys, how you doing?

Unknown Speaker  5:41  
Good? Happy, Thursday,

Speaker 1  5:43  
sorry about this morning, Josh, I apologize. Oh, no, no, that worked out window and it just kept closing on me.

Unknown Speaker  5:50  
I get it now. It worked out perfectly.

Speaker 1  5:52  
So, yeah, awesome. Hey, Steve, how you doing? Hey, Jeff, pretty good yourself. Awesome. How, how the sample has been going. People's response is good, yeah, good.

Unknown Speaker  6:05  
We're dialing in

Speaker 1  6:07  
Awesome, awesome. Hi, Marie. Hi. Marie and her husband Scott are new, but they're not new to me, because actually Marie Scott worked for the capital provider that my dad used for his business, probably 40 years ago, and we just got reacquainted, which has been kind of fun to do that. But Marie, Scott, Marie and Scott have a really nice kind of better for you, snack mix company that's been once you tell once you give us a quick little overview on the company.

Unknown Speaker  6:41  
Marie, yeah, hi.

Speaker 2  6:43  
I'm I'm Mari fasted with Mari mix. And, yeah, no, no. And, and we've been passionate snack mix maker since I was 12. Been doing it all my life, and we're really excited to have relaunched in 2023 we're in a little over we're closing in on close to 1000 stores, and it's a better for you, snack mix. Again, the snack mix I made when I was 12 is a lot different from the snack mix I'm making today. So it is awesome and different. Well, we took out all of the artificial ingredients and just cleaned it all up, made it more inclusive, made it gluten free, dairy free, egg free, and just, you know, all the things that I learned over the 30 years that I've been doing this, yeah, kind of bundled it up into so you can now find it, you know, Mari mix, com, Amazon, and hopefully a store near you. So we're really excited to be working with Jeff, who is a legend, and who, you know, yeah,

Speaker 1  7:50  
but, and maybe we could, Steve, if you don't mind, give us a quick overview of your business. And then, and then, Justin is the same

Speaker 3  7:58  
sure we're pre launch for a new sparkling beverage with no caffeine, no alcohol, none of the uppers or downers, called sparkle buck, and it's based on buckwheat. So we're going to launch a bed net in June.

Speaker 1  8:12  
And they've also been, it's their second business that they've had, Steve, you've been kind of similar to mari's husband, Scott, and that you had a you've had a different career right over the over the years?

Speaker 3  8:27  
Yeah, we, I've got went from tech to food tech to agriculture, back to snacks. My wife created a gluten free cracker company that's now, they're across the country. And we left that business after going the KE route, the UNFI route, all through all the whole foods and first time beverage, and we're just thrilled to have Jeff's guidance. Try to avoid the potholes.

Speaker 1  8:51  
There's a lot of them. Unfortunately, I'm still stepping on them. I just stepped on one yesterday.

Unknown Speaker  8:55  
I'll tell you about Yeah, always learning,

Unknown Speaker  8:57  
still learning, right? Josh, how about you? Can you give us a quick Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 4  9:03  
Hi everyone. My name is Josh. I'm located in New Hampshire, so Steve, not too far away. If you're up in Maine, I know your wife, Karen. We used to actually sample crackers for you guys. Back in the day, you guys would send us samples because we used to have a dairy free cheese spread, and we would sample the cheese spreads at Whole Foods with your crackers. Oh, great. I'll pass that along. Very cool. So today, we're making a premium frozen meal, and we're focused on traditional comfort foods, and we started with ravioli, and we're getting ready to move into a risotto, frozen risotto line,

Speaker 1  9:42  
and they taste amazing. I mean, I've probably tried two of them at Expo, but they're amazing tasting they don't I mean, usually, oh, that looks so great, and you taste it, oh, it tastes like cardboard, you know? But Josh's tastes amazing, yeah.

Speaker 4  9:56  
The whole reason for starting is lactose intolerant. Aren't just looking for healthier, dairy free options.

Speaker 1  10:03  
Yeah, well, you know, as you guys are starting to launch both you and Steve and trying to go into, you know, probably similar type retailers you might think about like, you know, partnering on demos and stuff like that. You know, you can knock the cost of your demos down pretty significantly if you get two non competitive products that actually might be able to go to go together at some level.

Unknown Speaker  10:24  
Yeah, we'll have to connect.

Speaker 1  10:27  
I'm sorry, I've done that a bunch where your typical demo cost is going to be, you know, 250, to $300 plus, you know, plus product. And, you know, you can only do a certain so many of those, right, unless you've got a lot of capital, yeah? But if you can kind of split that cost, you know, in half, you know, maybe you know one's doing, you know, one set of demos in Maine, once in the other one in New Hampshire or whatever. But like, you know, it's just a way to scale yourselves more economically.

Speaker 5  10:54  
Yeah, great. Joshua mixes. Go great with beverages.

Speaker 2  11:00  
Matt Scott Bassett, that's great. That's Scott. Scott said that. Okay. Scott's driving to a demo right now. I think

Unknown Speaker  11:10  
at gelsens in Del Mar.

Speaker 1  11:12  
Jeff, yeah, yeah, that's where I'm at it. I'll do it. Let's do we got a whole bunch of demos going on. It was sprouts for us, but we definitely could look at doing that. You're not in sprout store, are you? Yeah, well, we can talk about that too, because I think I can probably help you with that. And then meg, meg joined, right?

Speaker 6  11:36  
Yeah, sorry. Is off camera. It's, I don't know if anyone else on the east coast, but it's end of day for me here. So I have a one year old and a three year old who you may see or hear in the background

Speaker 1  11:45  
at any point. We all have kids. We all know the show that you're doing in a four year old. It's the best thing in life, but it's in that, you know, for the next four or five years, it's challenging at least, oh yeah, you know, at least for me, it was anyway, but, but Meg's product, we probably won't do demos with with with other people, but once you give us a quick overview of your business,

Speaker 6  12:07  
yes, so we are 5c beauty. We have a very exciting biotech innovation in skincare in which we use refrigeration to recharge active ingredients, because most of the products that you buy at Sephora or at Ulta the active ingredients in them are usually 50% of the label claims. So we have both a process of formulating and retinol formula and a device that helps recharge active ingredients at the time of delivery, keeps them at five degrees Celsius temperature and then delivers them to the end consumer in a fine mist format. And so what we are doing right now we're probably still about a year out from commercialization, is that we are testing with med spa and clinics that do esthetic treatments, so like lasers, peels, etc, because our fine Miss Retinol is a very good at recovery claims. So we're right now positioning it as a kind of chilled mist that you do in five minutes at the end of a treatment that helps your skin recover more quickly. And then we will launch into the professional settings, and then simultaneously, are working on a consumer facing version of our product that actually would be something that you can keep on your bathroom counter and not have to keep in the fridge,

Speaker 1  13:42  
very cool product. I was able to try it last year. At some point it was my wife and my wife sister were just like fighting over it. Very, very cool product. Yeah, awesome. And then I think, Nicole, are you on with foshi?

Speaker 1  14:02  
No, Nicole, are you there? Or maybe she's not there the second. But and then Hannah, are you on?

Speaker 7  14:13  
Okay, yes, I'm here. Yeah, I'm here. I'm just driving. So it might be a little loud, but Hi guys, yeah.

Speaker 1  14:21  
Hannah is a really talented marketing marketer. She and her husband are not her husband, but fiance or boyfriend, girlfriend, still, I gotta get off his gotta get off his ass and start making a move. I will, believe me, but give us a quick overview of g7 and then

Speaker 7  14:44  
odd, yeah, for sure. So we have an we built g7 studio over the last couple of years. So it's a venture studio that supports acceleration of both startups and large scale brands. We really focus on D to C. But we have a lot of brands that also have heavy retail presences as well. I've gotten to work with Jeff on a lot of his brands too. And really we wanted to build a venture studio that both we can fund businesses where we really believe in the founders and the product, but we also want to be able to offer them acceleration where they actually need it with execution. And we had hired and fired so many agencies when we were building companies of our own or internal app brands, and so kind of saw the flaws of the agency system and wanted to create something that was like very full service, so that there was a more United Way of all the marketing efforts, especially DTC. So that's g7 but then we also are starting to build a couple of our own internal brands. So that's where odd, which Jeff has also been more privy to, came about. So we wanted to build a really amazing, high quality whole food source of protein that you can take on the go, which we'll be launching in a couple months. But it's a bone broth shot with 21 grams of protein, all from grass fed beef and in a two ounce shot.

Speaker 1  16:21  
Pretty good, pretty good, pretty good stuff. I think it's a great space too. I think can you give us just a little bit more color on the type of services that g7 offers in case somebody is interested in connecting with you?

Speaker 7  16:34  
Yeah, for sure. So we do everything e commerce related. So web development, performance, marketing, email and SMS, and then also on the digital front, social media, creative graph design. And then we also have a full suite of branding and brand development services as well, so packaging design, brand development from scratch or rebrands, and then just traditional creative direction and campaign planning as well.

Speaker 1  17:08  
And they're very good. I've used them. In fact, you can look at the website they just created for Prota. It's a drink prota.com Anna hip prota.com so you can see what's a very cost effective, you know, something that we'll build on over time, but it's a good start to get it going, but very pretty inexpensive to be able to do the whole thing. So they do really high quality work. And then, Amber, I see you joined.

Unknown Speaker  17:41  
Hey, sorry, nice.

Speaker 1  17:44  
Tell us about something we really need, which is alcohol this

Speaker 8  17:48  
time of day. Oh yeah, tell me about it. This week I've had but I'm Amber. I'm the founder of timeless vodka and zeal rum. We have zeal mango rum and zeal, coconut rum, we are sold in about 12 states, based here in Houston. I don't know how well we could partner with certain things, but I mean, someone said beverages and snacks go together, and that ravioliri of pasta definitely will go with our vodka. So any way that we can also help out where we're down to do it too. Oh, and quick highlight, when you you just talked about Prota. Prota was a huge, huge hit in my house to where my husband, myself, and I think I told you, Jeff and my 11 year old, we were all hiding the last can so the other person get serious. Definitely a fan.

Speaker 1  18:45  
Thank you. I appreciate that. And then Nicole is Nicole there from boxy, by chance,

Speaker 1  18:52  
maybe she's stepped away, but Okay, great. Well, I just wanted to, I know we've had a couple introductions a couple of times, but just want you guys to keep getting introduced to each other. Because I think this is one of the real I find this, one of the real values of this program is just the interaction with other founders. And you can get, you can get some of it on the WhatsApp, you know, WhatsApp tool that I have out there. If you're not on that, make sure you get on that, or email me to get on that, and I'll help you get on that. But I think most of you are probably on it, and I find that to be helpful, like you're asking a question, but it's really kind of developing the relationships with the peers in here. I mean, I think like Steve and Josh, I mean, you guys connecting, it just makes total sense, because you're so close. And there's definitely things that do really go together. I mean, beverages and food, or beverages and snacks really do go well with each other. And I've done a bunch of times I've been able to cut demo cost time. You maybe lose a little bit of the quality of it, but not really, because you end up you're going to outsource it anyway, probably, unless you're going to do all your own demos. And if you do all your own demos, that's great, but that's going to take up all your time, you know? So if you can. You can outsource or somebody who cares. You know, that's a pretty good way to do it, and maybe knock your costs down in half. So you get to do kind of double the number of demos that you were thinking about doing. So I'm a big believer in trying to do that when, when you can. Obviously, it's got to people got to be able to care about the products, and it's got to fit and all that. But I don't think it's hard to care more than like an independent demo company is going to care. So definitely something, I think is worthwhile, kind of considering, but and then I think just developing these relationships, I just think makes a ton of sense over time, because what I find is that say there are seven of you on this call right now, there's going to be somebody that's like, just gone through what two or three other brands are about to go through. There's going to be two or three brands that are down here that haven't gone through what the middle brands have just gone through. I think if you play into that, right, like, I always talk about, like, if I'm if I'm trying to help someone with something, and they need an apple, and they're raising their hand for an apple, and I give them a plum. I mean, yeah, it's all fruit, but it's not the same, and they're just not going to be able to internalize that product that much right now. So it's really about, you know, if they're reaching for an apple and you're giving them an apple, then that's like, that's exactly what they need at that exact moment. So to me, it's like, if you get a group of people that you can actually develop rapport and relationships with, they've kind of been there, seen that, done it, or, you know, you just get so much more benefit out of it, because that's where you You and you, of course, can always ask me too, but like, it's just, it's helpful if you have develop other relationships with folks. So I'm glad. So that's why you'll see me introducing people, you know, a few times. But anyway, it's great to have everybody. Thanks for Thanks for joining. Again. If you can't join, it's not a big deal. I've got a tape that I send out once a week. Sometimes it's little delays, like today, I got it out this morning from last week, but sometimes it'll be right after, right after, right after the call. But we've got, I'm starting to build out the speaker group for the rest of the year, and I've got half a dozen people lined up right now that are all really great speakers that will come in. So we'll do a speaker group once a month. That'll be next week, and that'll be the His name is Justin proc now, he's an FDA FTC attorney. He's got a fun deck that he'll, that he'll, he'll go through and just talking about, like, you know, what are the things you should be concerned about, from an FDA FTC standpoint, what are the things you shouldn't be concerned about? And all of it is, ultimately, you know, a bit of risk tolerance. And where are you? From a risk tolerance standpoint, some people have the attitude, I don't want to have to worry. I don't want to not sleep at night. I want to be lily white, clean. I want to be like, completely, you know, you know, copacetic. I don't want to have anything wrong with it. And to that person, I'd say, Great, I hope you sleep better, but I'm worried about you being able to make money, you know. On the flip side, I'd say the person that is completely risk tolerant and doesn't have any, you know, concern about any of that. So I'd say, you know, well, you know, get ready for much lawsuits, you know. So, and I know the attorney, when I first came into CPT told me, he said, Jeff. He said, you know, your best day is going to be the day you get sued. I'm like, real. How can that be? And of course, there's an attorney telling me, and so he's probably got a bias, you know, you know, impression, but it makes him more makes him more money. But, um, but he said it because people aren't going to sue you from a class action standpoint, which is mostly FTC stuff, unless you which is about, you know, making claims on your product, that the FDA is not necessarily concerned about going after you. But, you know, but you know, these kind of the ambulance chasers of the world today, 20 years ago, are now these class action litigators that are basically going out and they're looking for everything that might be wrong on this package, and it can be or that might be, misstated, overstated, whatever you just saw that Poppy had a big lawsuit. There's a bunch of lawsuits going out there now there's always lost. I think it's such a we had seven lawsuits over the 10 years that I was there. They're all ridiculous. I mean, there's one right now out there that it's prop, you know, prop 65 in California, which is about lead in the in the soil. And believe it or not, like your products, if they're made in California, you probably want to be testing your products for lead, you know, once, twice a year. You know, because there's lead in the soil and you're bringing produce or whatever ends up, even if you're ultimately getting an extract, you may still be getting some of that in your I mean, I had an energy drink that got sued. It was an energy drink. It hadn't it had extracts, but there was no juice content or fruit and vegetable direct content. And, you know, we had to deal with it. It cost us 20 grand, you know? So it just happens. But anyway, Justin, next week, next week, we'll talk about all that kind of stuff and just really good knowledge. He's also a person that could do. Or, you know, like, if you want to, before you launch a product, you know, I think it's good to to

Speaker 1  25:08  
to basically run through an attorney that, you know, somebody is an FDA FTC attorney. And there's probably, I know, four or five of them, so I can connect you with different ones across over the country. And probably a couple grand 1500 to $2,000 they'll do a full label and packaging review, website review, and just give you a laundry list of things that they would suggest you change or consider changing, because you just don't want to be, you know, blind and dumb, and then to your if you're just launching, there's no risk. I mean, unless you're doing something that's a disease claim, you know that the FDA might be interested in, but for class action, they're not really worried about you until you're doing, you know, three to $5 million in revenue, because they don't have to certify a class, and they have to make sure that there's enough skin in the game for the attorneys to be able to want to take these on. So you kind of have a year or two Halo, typically, you know when you're launching and not have to worry about that, but eventually you do have to worry about that stuff. I also will show you, in a second, I have a guru and in the Babu AI tool that you know that I'll show you that does like exactly that. So have a few of those would do exactly what you would pay a bunch of money to do. So we'll talk about that. But then we've got the founders of poppy coming on in the fall. I've got the founder of honesty, the founder of Zico, my partner, and Junie, who's a 10 times entrepreneurial founder, Kim, and she's wonderful, I mean, great, inspirational voice. So starting to get and I got after next month. So may it will be Michael bergmeier, and he's part of the premier middle market investment bank for CPG. So he'll go through a bunch of data, like data will love his presentation, but he'll, you know, he'll talk about what, what deals are looking like today, what multiples are, you know, where the hot spots are fundraising, you know, all that kind of stuff. So he'll be, that's next month, so he'll be a good funds of knowledge. But, you know, I'm excited about kind of getting these pulled together and, you know, just keep kind of, kind of working it. But I did want to show you first the Babu site. Are most of you, you know, into the Babu system? You know, it's just at this stage. I mean, who's in? Steve, you're in.

Speaker 6  27:34  
Meg, am I in? I don't know. I feel like I've had some of the tools, but I don't know if I'm in the system. Should have

Speaker 1  27:40  
gotten in. But if you want to type into your browser, ask, A, S, K, B, A, B, U, babu.ai, okay, and and then you can just jump into that. It's free in the beta right now, it's always free for you guys as part of the program, and you get the kind of Premiere access right now in the beta, I'm giving everybody that premier access for the next 3045, days, just so I can have people try it and be able to try the different tools, but, but you guys will always have the free, you know, access as part of this, being part of this program. But I spent firstly give you what Babu means. But Babu is, is the name that I've adopted as being a grandfather, and I got it when I was climbing Kilimanjaro with my kids about three years ago in Africa, and I was not in shape at all, and the guides were telling me, come on, Babu. Come on, Babu. Hurry up in Swahili. And I'm like, What's heck is Babu? They're like, Babu is grandpa and Swahili, and you move in really slow, grandpa, can you pick up the pace? And so I thought, okay, grandpa and Swahili and I, as people, develop these AI models. They've kind of developed names, whether it's Claude or all the different names that you guys know out there, but so I wanted to have a name for it. But as a grandpa, I didn't want to just be grandpa. It sounded really boring. And what I've come to learn is, you know, choosing your name as a grandparent is like one of the last free decisions you get to make in your life. So I figured that's, that's going to be, my name is Babu. My wife is SAFTA, which is Hebrew for grandma. But, um, but when we started this program and decided I wanted to have a little bit of personality, so that's where the name Babu comes from, but, but it's interesting. But the idea came from, you know, I wanted to create, and I have a lot of content and a lot of knowledge, and I wanted to create a way that people be able to access that content and that knowledge without necessarily having to talk to me. And so I uploaded about 6000 articles, 6000 in total, 6000 articles, podcasts, books, accelerators, boot camps, stuff that I've done, stuff that I found from other people and I scraped. Stuff now regularly on LinkedIn, looking for interesting articles on CPG that I really like. And all the all those 6000 documents are CPG related. And then I worked with a group out of India to train the model, to create a model that really is an AI model, but we're using the back end from other llms, so large language models. So we can use perplexity, we can use chat GBT, we can use Gemini. Right now, we're using Claude, and because I basically like Claude on the brain, and I'm just, I tell my wife, I'm having the first having, the first affair I've ever had in 37 years of being married. And her name is Claudia, and she's just an Excel model, but, but that's that's as good, as good as I'm going to get, and I'm super happy about it, but I just think the Claude is amazing. I know some of you, I've already in it, some of you have encouraged to get into it, but if you're not in it, please get Claude, but get the plugin for Excel. Meg, are you? Are you in it now?

Unknown Speaker  31:06  
No, I'm having issues with resetting my password, but I'm trying.

Speaker 1  31:09  
Oh, okay, you're getting there to Steve. Are you in it? Or Josh and other guys? You guys in it? Yeah. How are you finding Steve? Josh, I'm in it.

Unknown Speaker  31:20  
I think it's great. Yeah, I've used it for a couple things.

Speaker 1  31:24  
Yeah, I just think it's a game changer. I mean, Josh, you said you're in it, yep, yeah. Are you liking it?

Speaker 4  31:31  
Just started using it today, literally, right now.

Speaker 6  31:34  
Actually, Jeff, who should I ask about my password? Because I've tried it three times and it's not letting me save a new password. Is there or

Speaker 1  31:44  
Babu, yes, oh, tell me. Okay. I'll follow up with it afterwards. Okay, can you send me what your your login is, or what's your what you're entering? Just email to me. Sure. I'll send you an email. Okay, anyway, so I've created this program, and, you know, worked for this group out of India. Basically, the idea is, just make sure I pull the right one up. Okay, it if you haven't been on the site, this is, this is the site here. I'm just gonna give you a 510, minute overview of it, but what I wanted to do with it is, but very normal kind of prompt thing that you get with, you know, you get with most llms. And I got a bunch of buttons over here that you'll be able to access. I'll show you those in a second. And I've got these things called guru over here, which is the real heart of it, which I'll show you also. But you know, basically you go into here and you know, you can do response style. So like, explain this me like I'm a fifth grader. I wanted to create something like this. So, you know, explain, explain to me. You know what? Category Management is and why it's it's needed and

Speaker 1  33:11  
and so this is going to explain to you, like at a more basic level. But you know, I find it you know, imagine your school cafeteria decides what snacks to sell. They look at what kids buy the most, what's just sitting there, and how to manage everything so it sells better. That's basically category management. Think of it, organizing your bedroom. Keep the stuff you use most where you can reach it. Get rid of the stuff that nobody uses. Put similar things together. Short through this with products, they work with snack brands to figure out what to sell, where to put it, and how to price it. For example, for yogurt brand, notice the kids aren't buying a certain flavor. They might swap it out for something more popular, you know, the goal making shopping easier and sell more snacks. So, I mean, this isn't a simple, you know, easy, but as you get into, like, you know, more technical topics and stuff like that, or things that you're having trouble understanding, if you just go in here and, you know, type it in, like, explain it to me, like, I'm a fifth grader, you know, it's pretty good, I think. And then you can do a concise, you know, a concise look, or you can do it super explanatory. So, like, you know, I use, I would encourage you, like, if you're having trouble with a technical topic, you know, to try using this. I think it's pretty good. Again, you can add photos and files. It's got all the same features as, you know, the chat CBTs and stuff like this. But this program that you have in here, if you're just doing the, you know, the 2999 a month program, or $30 a month 3999 program, unlike a chat GBT, you won't get all this stuff. So like the short research and a deep research. So short research is about eight minutes. The way that the deep research, when you go on these sites, you don't usually get access to them on the lower you know, the lower cost modules you do when you pay the $100 or $200 a month. But when you pay. In the 20 $30 you typically don't get that deep research. You might get something like a short research. But when the deep, the deep research for most brands is about 16 minutes, mine is about 23 and those 23 but extra, you know, seven minutes aren't just on getting more stuff. I haven't really focused on credibility of the numbers, the stuff you're already providing, because if you notice, what with the with the llms, you'll get something. We call it hallucinate hallucinations. You know, where the model starts hallucinating, just it just goes off on a tangent. I'm sure you've seen that before, and I wanted to reduce as much of that as I could, so I go seven minutes longer than all the other llms do, and that costs more, you know, for me. But you know, those extra seven minutes I'm having it fine focus on, you know, perfecting what it's already provided, testing and finding another source, just, you know, triangulating it and whatever, just to make sure that it's minimal amount of bad data we're getting. But if you're looking for something, you don't want to wait 20 minutes on it. You want to get it pretty quick. The short research will give you probably a five to 10 page response. A deeper research will probably give you a 20 to 30 page response. But they're both, I think they're good to use. If you want to do an image, you want to generate Excel. You can kind of go down and do that, and then, you know, the gurus are, you know, really what? You know they're over here. But I'm going to show you. I'll just show you here first. So these are the ones coming down the column here. So it was a competitive pricing and attributes one. Actually, Mari, I ran this for you earlier today. I'm gonna send it to you in a little bit. But what I try to do is, I'm I created all these and then I've worked with a development company in India to basically put them into the the chat CBT here for me, so that you can, you want to do a cash runway analysis. You can do that. You want to do a business a monthly business review where you have your different managers. Extent you have managers giving you their monthly reports, you dump them into here, and then it gives you a good, solid monthly business review. You wanna do a quarterly investor update, which, if you have investors, it's a good thing to do, you know, but sometimes you're like, at a loss for what you say. What I do is I work with the different managers that I have. And I'll say, you know, you know, write me, you know, give me all. Give me your key accomplishments during the quarter, you know, you know, and the key things you're looking at for the next quarter. And then I'll upload that with my stuff into this quarterly investor update. And it'll give me, you know, a three or four page investor update that you know you want to edit it first before you send it to your investors. But it's a good start. I mean, it'll cut down your time dramatically and trying to do it if you haven't, like launched, I know Meg, I think you've been into this one, the startup plan, you know, and budget that you can do. I do a multi channel break even analysis. So, you know, it looks at your company. Let's say you're in club, you're in natural and you're in conventional grocery, and you know, you kind of know your numbers that you're going for this year, and you kind of know your fixed costs, you know, because your operating expenses, basically because you've been doing that too, and you have your numbers from last year. But you got a budget, you know, you basically input your budget, you know, into this, and it'll tell you, you know, how much in revenue Do you really need to be at to be a break even for each channel and then in total. So it's a pretty good one too. Wherever you see them grayed out, you know, they're, I've been created, I've created them, but they're still working through kind of signing off on them, and making sure that they're all working, you know, well, but this next one investor, QA and prep coach, you know, so you get your investor deck done, and, you know, you want to, you want to see, like, what's in this deck that people are going to, you know, come to me and say, you know, hey, they're going to drill me with hard questions. You know, maybe your, you know, your growth isn't significant enough, and therefore they think the market size is going to be too small. Well, this will ferret that out, and it'll come back to you like, it's a, I call it, like a New York buyer, so somebody who's going to come back very aggressively, you know, at you, and you know, they're just, they don't really care about your emotions, or they're just going to come back aggressively. So that's what this one does, which is pretty good. So you start to be making pitches to investors. Take your investor deck, put it in here, into this. So you basically, you click on this, and you'll get, this is a prep coach and simulate the toughest investor questions. Get your power scoring and coaching, strengthen your pitch responses before walking into the room. So you'll get 10 investor critical investor questions. It'll score, it's an AI driven score. And it'll give you, you know, it'll kind of, it'll give you some suggestions on, you know, what to do. So mostly, we'll have a time to complete. So it'll take you 20 or 30 minutes to upload it, you know. But, and again, you don't have to upload. Is everything it's asking, you know. But the more you upload, the better you know, the better you're going to get, you know. So like, if you started on this one, it'll it'll start going through. Here's nine, nine questions it's going to ask you, but that's it. So your name your category, and it gives you an example here. So this is, like, for my protein soda, you know, what's your revenue in the first year. Project is trailing 12 months here. But think of as your if you don't have trailing 12 months to think about your projection, what you're thinking the raise amount, 3 million bucks, channels, the gross margin, you know, what are your key differentiators? You know, what's the cash runway you want to have? And then if you can upload your investor deck, you know, that'll give it more information. And once you do that, you click on all that, and then it'll take about five to 10 minutes, and it'll spit back out. It'll spit back out something that I think you'll, you'll be, you know, you'll be pretty excited about. I might have one I can show you real quick,

Unknown Speaker  41:00  
real quick here. I don't see one off the top of my head here, but, oh, here I got maybe I have one.

Unknown Speaker  41:18  
No, I don't sorry I don't have one.

Speaker 5  41:22  
Hey, Jeff, it's Scott. I got a quick question, yeah, what protects a brand, your intellectual property and or any proprietary or confidential information that you might want? You know, the tool to have

Speaker 1  41:40  
nothing is shared to the internet. I mean, nothing is able to be scraped by robots. Nothing is nothing is used. Like if you're on the normal chat, CBT, where you're it's free, or you're paying the base level, you can opt out, but it's very difficult to opt out of them, being able to use your data, you know, for other things and most and some of them, they don't even let you opt out if you're not paying, you know. So those are very dangerous to use. Usually, when you get to the paid versions where you're spending 100 bucks or 200 bucks a month, you know, those will opt out like this. Opt like this opts out. So it doesn't give anybody the ability to use it for learning or to use it for sharing. So this was very, very important to me. And when you come into this, this thing, there's a Help section in here, and there'll be a bunch of sections. It's up there on the upper right corner, and there'll be, you know, a bunch of data. You know, the data related stuff. You know, your conversations are private. Your upload files are not shared. Outputs are estimates. I can't that's it. That cover your butt, I guess you know. So it really, she's top two. But stuff is not shared at all. You don't have to, you don't have to worry about that. And I've been through this kind of ad nauseum with them, because I know how important this is, you know, to do. So I wouldn't be worried about that with this. I would be worried about it with other ones that you might be on. Does that make sense?

Speaker 5  43:07  
It does. We're on chat GPT, but we have kind of the Mari mix workspace, and the little you know, disclosure at the bottom says that it's not being used our information is not being used to train so I'm

Speaker 1  43:18  
just so then you're, then you're good with that. But just know that this is that same not to train is used here as applied here. Okay, great, yeah. And so, yeah, so that's, that's interesting. And so that, like, this is, like the finance gurus, let's say, you know, that kind of going through them. And, you know, like, here the marketing one, like brand positioning. And most of you probably have done this already, but some of you may not have, and it's really healthy to do, but you'll pay. You'll pay anywhere, and it's a wide variety. You'll pay anywhere between $10,000.50 $1,000 to create, to do something like this with an agency. And you know, and I'm not saying mine is maybe quite as good, but it's pretty darn good, and I'll show you what I do here. But you know, for example, I and brand the brand positioning is really important, even though, like, I didn't get that for a lot of years. I was like, Oh, I'm just bullshit brand positioning things. I don't care what my archetypes is. I don't care what my I just want to, like, blow and go and and what you find is that if you don't do that, you know, over time, you begin to realize that you've got misalignments here. And, you know, the brand positioning is a lot of times used for agencies and other people that you're giving it to to help you kind of define the brand and help you figure out, you know, you know kind of where you're trying to go, and you know, it's, it's, it is a really useful tool, you know, to be able to do but, like, my brain hasn't wanted to go there. But over time, I've gotten comfortable that this is really something that's important to do now, but it's these kind of questions. So when you when you click on that, you. When you click on that particular guru, it's going to bring up, it's going to ask you answer these 28 questions. This is one of the longer ones to provide information to, but it's good to have this anyway. Like, what's your brand's mission, and what are the three to five principles your brand stands for? What's your vision for the future? Where do you see the brand in three to five years? And what inspired you to start it? And we get a target audience. So I've curated all of these, you know, into, you know, into a list of, Okay, I gotta delete some of this, but this is for a brand I was, I was helping them with do it, but competitive analysis, you know, who do you consider your competition? What do you like or dislike about them? You know, how are you? How are you different than your competition brand positioning. What's your primary value prop? You know, what are the three words you want customers associate with your brands? You know, like this individual wanted, it's a heavy it's a 50 gram protein drink, but he wanted healthy, energetic and athletic. And what are the personality traits that you want to describe the brand? You know, premium, bold, edgy, strong. If your brand was the personality, who would it be and why? You know, what are the emotional benefits you kind of kind of get it visual identity. Do you like? You know, do you like? Do you have existing brands you know that you like? If so, what do you like about them? Kind of show those brands anyway. You kind of do that. And then it comes back with, it comes back with, this.

Speaker 1  46:37  
Comes back with, oh no, this is journey, sorry. Let me find the other one I can probably that's an over one. Let

Speaker 1  46:58  
me do it. Okay. Okay, so this is the one that I just showed you. Okay, there's a different one. It's a goat protein business. This is the same thing. Sorry, guys.

Unknown Speaker  47:21  
Overview,

Unknown Speaker  47:26  
okay, this isn't exactly it, but it's close enough.

Speaker 1  47:38  
Okay, so it comes back with a report like this, after you upload those questions, and you know, go to a conclusion, and then you know, brand, brand positioning statement, synthesis and message summary. So it goes through this executive summary. What is your brand positioning statement for ambitious athletes and health conscious deteriorated demand performance without ingredient compromise the goat shake of the premium RTD protein, energy made with a two goat milk protein and natural garana, caffeine and delivered goat. Now greatest of all time is what goat is referred to as a level of strength, clean the same energy and better on your body experience, because every bottle is built on transparent ingredients, functional dosages and low sugar for real sources. And it goes through the message hierarchy, primary supporting, what are the emotional and functional promises that you're making here? Competitive alignment, you know, and how you're differentiated, you know, what's your kind of moat, if you will, you know. And then it compares the various competitors to you here and how you differ from them. It gives you this matrix, you know, based on these different variables here. And you know, what our what does each one kind of stand for? What's the price point, and what's their Amazon sales annually? You know, what's the rating look like on Amazon? And then you know visual identities, that what you can look like and what you know, what should that have on it? Where's your white space, your differentiation, and then it'll go into your vision, mission, unique selling proposition, and your audience. So you're visiting for three to five years, and this is some of it's pulling just out of those, but some of it's also going out and looking at the competitors and trying to find that white space. And it will actually go and it'll go scrape. I have an API that goes in scrapes the Amazon reviews. And we'll look at the negative reviews in your segment. And from that, it's, it's populating this document with some of that information, you know, to identify where the where's the life space opportunities that Maybe nobody's thinking of it. I had it for a woman that was doing a squeeze pouch business not too long ago, and I was just practicing with it on her and, you know, came back and said, you know, overwhelmingly, all the squeeze packets leak in some way. So she created a leak group squeeze package, and it's doing really well. It's not been held for that long yet, but about six months. Yes, but it's doing really well. And it was just because she found that in, you know, like Mari, I think this would be a good one to try, you know, with, with Mari mix, just to see what it says about where are white space opportunities for, you know, you know, for, you know, just for your brand, but it kind of goes through just this various stuff, you know, what's your unique selling position, you know, by combining superior protein, clean energy and digestibility in a single bottle, just as a number of unmet needs and performance, taste and ingredient quality, without the compromise demographics. I mean, it just kind of goes on and on. But, I mean, I think this thing is 39 pages, so it's, you know, it's, you know, there's a lot of there's a lot of information in it. Here's some whitespace recommendations that it gives you. So like, this one takes a little more time to do, but I think it's really valuable. I don't know. Meg, did you do this one? Somebody else do this one?

Speaker 6  50:55  
No, okay, kind of still early. We were doing things a little bit, yeah, we haven't done our brand work because we're really we're doubling down based on the results of our like pilot and our clinical so we have sort of somewhat a an idea of the brand. But we kind of want to get a step further in the innovation piece first. Totally makes sense.

Speaker 1  51:18  
Yeah, it totally makes sense. So let me share this screen again here, so like then you can go to and if you don't want to see all these things on the side, you just hit this arrow up on the right here, and it collapses them down to here. I have 40 of them. I think when you go on the site, you'll probably see 30 of them. There's 10 of them that are kind of like in this gray state down here in the bottom right that I haven't you know, we're just finishing them, but the marketing ones are good. There's a strategic brand review. There's an entrepreneurial readiness assessment that I spent a lot of time creating. It takes a little more time, but it's 50 because of tipsy questions. But it's questions on you as a founder, you and your team, your experience questions on the idea, the product idea, with questions on, you know, the route to market. So just, they're just good questions, and they're all multiple choice. So you can probably do it in 20 minutes, but it'll give you a really good assessment of kind of where you're at, at least from what it thinks. And again, some of it could be completely off, right? But, you know, but, but, but it's not going to be off. You're going to find this pretty it's pretty good. Like, what's your pricing strategy compared to, you know, competition, below market, same as competitors, premium price, significantly premium. You know, often do new competitors enter this market, you know, what's the level of threat that you feel from established brands? You know? So this kind of goes through these questions, basically, and it'll give you a good assessment on each kind of area the then there's things that are more basic, like you want to hire a branding agency, you know? Well, you know you're going to download a template, and I'll show you this in a second. So some are this doesn't, this doesn't use AI at all. This is just using, basically Claude. I created this with, but I gotta find you guys. Where are you? Lost you. Now I have a big screen, and I tend to lose people on my screen. There you are, but if you look at I'll show you that there's a bunch that are kind of questionnaires that are show you in a second. So let me stop that one.

Speaker 1  53:47  
Okay, so this is a branding so you're going to hire a branding agency, one of the most expensive and one of the most wasted, you know, wasted investments you're going to do. I mean, good if you get it right, awful for most people, you know, and a lot of it's because you don't have good expectation management of what they should be doing for you. So, you know, I created this thing. And basically, this is the value of Claude. I mean, I just went into Claude and I said, you know, I want to create a branding agency hiring checklist, you know. And these are the four or five things are important to me. Can you go through and do that and give me an example of what's good and what's bad, and a scoring system so I can score it, you know? So these, you just, you don't even use AI with this, you can download it and just run it yourself. But basically, you put your, you know, you don't even have to put this one stuff in the top stuff, but, you know, it goes through, you know, a bunch of different questions per criteria, if you will, per category. So consumer packaged goods portfolio agency must show real CPG brand work, not just digital campaigns or restaurant logos. Packaging design follows strict structural regulatory, retail shelf rules. Red flag portfolio is 100% service industry tech startups for. Digital only brands, and you just go through, here's an example of good agent shows five CPG products, including on shelf packaging for a retail brand, a DTC brand refresh net bad as agents showed a beautiful restaurant logo and website. But never, has never, designed a package that went into retail, you know. So you enter these drop down boxes here. Okay, review or red flag, and then you get to the bottom of it, and, you know, it's probably 20 Questions, and it'll score you here, and it'll kind of give you a percentage here on, you know, how you're doing here. So not an overly complicated one. But anytime you want to hire a salesperson, I've got one in for that. You want to, you know, you want to hire a broker? I've got one in for that, you know, but they're just good things to just to keep focused on as you're, you know, as you're as you're as you're doing stuff, so you don't waste a bunch of money. Does that make sense? So let me just re share my screen. Any questions so far on this? Steve, have you worked with us? Has anybody worked with this stuff yet, really, in the Babu Yeah.

Speaker 3  56:13  
Jeff, so specific question for you. I Not to waste your time. I was part of the beta test, and I created 25 questions, and I asked Babu about your model, which is really comprehensive, but which is a huge, somewhat complex model, and it answered all 25 questions about that model. So is that model in Babu? Because I'd like to take the next level, where, for example, in year two, the margins are a little low where I'd like them to be. And if I upload that fully loaded model, can it interactively answer questions like that? In year two, absolutely.

Speaker 1  56:51  
You can absolutely. And the great thing with this, as well as chat, GBT, I mean, as well as Claude, that if you have a model that you know, you've got a problem in it. You can't figure it out. You put it into Claude, and then minutes, it will solve the problem for you. I've been struggling with something for three weeks on a model of mine that just I couldn't get the right I couldn't get the right answer. And the model I have is very if I've been involved with building out your model yet through my model. You know, my model is very good, but it's very complicated in the sense that users look up functions, versus being able to track formulas from tab to tab to tab to do it. And, you know, just my brain I came in. I'm a big Excel user, but I came in a long time ago to Excel. So my knowledge that Excel is massively deep, but limited to what was available in basically the 1990s and so when you get to things like look up functions and some of that, I've never really learned that stuff that well, you know, with Claude, actually, you don't need to learn that stuff. It'll do all that stuff for you. But, like, I've had problems with I can't figure out where this mistake is, but there. And usually it's not a mistake. It's an operator error on myself or someone I'm working with, where we put something into a cell that we shouldn't have put something into, and it finds it right away. But it'll, it'll also give you, it'll give you, especially if you're in Claude, it will give you really good feedback on that. You know, there's a white space innovation tab. It's live. It's not showing here now, but it will be the next day or two. But it's really good because it, you know, we'll go through and it'll identify, you know, you know, you put in some basic information and identify what, you know, what, where the white space is, and that's just stuff that you can explore, but category research, deep CPG, deep research. Guru, so it goes deep CPG, but just for deep research. And then if you're creating a formula, like, you know, Steve, I know you just went through, you're going through it with, you know, with, with a formulator. Now this is a good thing to have. Because, you know, you can just what are the things I want to have in my contractor. I want to have that formula kind of be signed up for that. I just might. You're not going to think about it if you don't, if you haven't thought about it, because you just it's not going to be on your radar. It's just not so like retailer pitch deck, a retailer pitch deck and an investor pitch deck, they probably are more templates, because AI didn't work that well with it. But it probably gets you 60% of the way there on either retailer pitch deck or an investor pitch deck, you know. And you can add in your own graphics, and you know, from there the retail launch plan, if you're launching at a retail I've just, I use this quite a bit when I relaunch Prota into sprouts here, or the sales sheets that will be coming out super soon. It's basically the one page front and back sales sheet that typically distributors and retailers want as you're being able to pitch in your products. This one is a really good one that I find it's the, you know, you know, a product line, P and L, you. Or but it looks at launch time, and it's scale time, because you know when you want, when you launch a product, you know. What do you do? Do you work from the top down, from where the SRP is in the market, at the market price, you know? But if you do that, because your costs are super high in the beginning, you're not going to get, you're going to get a very, very low or negative margin, you know. And you're not going to be happy with that, you know. But if you go the other way, where you say, I'm going to work from my I want to make a 40% gross margin, and, you know, and then I'm going to have a 25% trade spend, you know, my distributor is going to be at a, you know, 10% margin, and my retailer is going to be at a 40% margin, you know, you may, you know, the average retail price in your market might be 499, and you may be at 899, that's not helpful either, because you can't price it that way. You're not the elasticity is too long for people to stretch. They won't stretch that far. So usually what you end up being is somewhere above where the market is in the beginning, but not way up, you know, here, and not down here either, but maybe, like here, maybe 20% 30% above where the market is, and and then you just open, you know, offers, promos, discounts, whatever to drop down into that space. You can always lower your price. It's hard to raise your price, you know, over time. And you know, so I find this one good, because the launch scale depending on what you put. You put in, will give you a margin, and it looks at it through G to C, both Shopify and Amazon, and also through brick and mortar. And what I like about it, though, is that I can see, let me see if I pull one up real quick.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:41  
I is. Yeah, okay, so let me cancel this. This guy here,

Speaker 1  1:01:58  
our client, Pinot, okay, so this has just two tabs, super simple, super straightforward. This is the input tab, and this is the output tab. So the input tab you put in, you know, just these, you know, these costs, your company name, and then, you know, what's your price at launch, and then what's your price at scale? And scale, for me would be, doesn't have to be scaled 10 years from now, but scale once you, like, when you as you guys all know when you're starting. And this you can do for, like, early stage companies too, because you want to know, how am I going to make money? At this thing, where am I going to make money? And if you're confused on it, I can help you with it, you know. But basically, you're running in the retail, you know, SRP, you know, the units for grouping because, because different products have different some are cases, some are boxes, some are packages, you know, some are pieces. Some are cans. Some are they differs. Like, I break them into groupings, which is basically the base level that you're selling in, typically to a retailer, and then break it down into the unit, into the unit as well. So there's 12 cans in a case, let's say this is a drink. There's 12 cans in a case, there's 12 ounces per can. We know the retail margin is 40% distributor margins 12% and so this is the group SRP, even though we don't really sell it in SRP group, SRPs at the shelf at a retailer. It's usually more sold than individual bags or units or whatever. And then, what's my Amazon group pricing? What are my website? What are the units and the grouping? And then the console revenue, stuff that retail trade spend, the cash discounts, the Amazon trade spend website. Trade spend, Amazon fee. And again, if you don't know what some of these are, I can help you with it. And then variable operating expenses, like, what's my cost of freight, you know, to get to the to get to a retailer, you know, what's my three PL cost? What's my sales commission of GDC, it's going to be a higher freight to the consumer, you know, because it's just more expensive using UPS or FedEx, so you're going to be higher numbers. And then cogs, I like to look at what's the highest level ingredient cost in there? What are all the other ingredients? So if you're let's say my protein soda, my ingredient cost is 40 cents per can per unit, but the protein is 30 cents, so all the other ingredients are 10 cents. So I do like to put that in here, because if there is a key ingredient that's super expensive, I want to know that that's where I'm going to be focused on, you know, going after and targeting, because doesn't make much. My in our protein soda, protein is 85% of the ingredient costs. So I can spend all the time I want on the stevia, the monk fruit, or whatever, but it's not going to move the needle that much. But I have to really focus on is, how can I lower that protein cost? And if you don't see that in there, then you don't necessarily, you know, kind of get it. Then you go through your cogs. You guys all pretty much know this stuff for yourselves. And then Coman tolling. Now, what's the tolling cost? It's expensive in the beginning. And is there freight in which I usually put it about 5% of my combined ingredients and packaging costs, and then sometimes there's micro testing. And then if you're selling it online and you're doing a mixed pack, there's going to be a repack fee. And that repack fee, you know, in a lot of cases, is going to be between, you know, 50 cents and a buck 50 per case to repack it. So I just enter these, and then I and I go and I enter the, enter this at scale ones, and let's say I'm not going to change the price. So none of this is changing up here, you know, but I am going to start taking discounts on this stuff, you know, on like, I'm going to want to get the pricing down on TGC over time, because anytime you see a, you know, something with a zero, like a three, zero, $30.04 zero, $40 a two to zero, $20 to the extent you can just drop below that, you'll see a big velocity kick, because it's a cliff. People are people's brains are wired for kind of Cliff pricing, you know. So when they see a three and set us inside in front of something. You know, they're not as motivated as are they are when they see a two, you know, even though these may be only $3 or $4 apart. And then the scaling things is when you get down the ingredients in the packaging you can take basically, you know, on pretty much all this stuff, certainly

Speaker 1  1:06:22  
the the the freight and the cogs and the packaging, it can take usually about point six times your launch, your No no, no efficiency prices, but you'll be able to get it down. My experience with most brands is I can get them down to 55 to 60% of what their initial starting prices are. And why is that important? It's important because now we come over to the outputs, and this is just restating it here and but it puts in a little more organized fashion. But this is what we're trying to look at. Here are these things. So I'm looking at my G to C on Amazon when I start. It's a 34 bucks that case, you know, I've got some trade spend here. And now I've got my 15% Amazon fee here, you know, then I've got my cogs on the product, which is here. So my gross margin pretty good 45% and then I've got my my op expenses, which is going to be sprayed out, which is 28% and then ad spend, and ad spend is going to be, you know, this can vary a lot, but like, you know, this is turning this negative. If you didn't know ad spend, you're not going to have any revenues, but you're not going to be, you know, you're going to be positive, because your contribution margin is going to be, you know, plus plus $7 or something, you know, but this isn't good. So you're like, It's really depressing. But look over here and at scale, when I'm able to get these costs down a bit here, and I'm able to, you know, bring in, I mean, I don't, I don't lower the Amazon fee, but because I'm selling at a lower price now, you know, it becomes a little lower fee, but I am lowering the price, and then, you know, the freight out drops as well. The ad spend will also ultimately drop too. And now this gets to a positive contribution margin, and you know, over time, I can keep lowering this ad spend, and I'll be able to lower some of the other ones. Same thing goes for the website and the brick and mortar. You know, it's usually a little bit different than these two are usually pretty aligned, the GGC and the Amazon, but this one's obviously going to be different, because you're not selling it at the retail SRP, you're selling it at a distributor price. You're selling it at actually $25 and the distributor is marking it up to $28 and selling it to the retailer for that, you know. So you go down through here like, Oh, this is really no fun. Am I going to be able to make any money on it? But yeah, over time, you're going to get that to a 43% contribution margin. Kind of makes sense. Steve, got a question.

Speaker 3  1:08:57  
Yeah, Jeff, I had a really nice pitch yesterday. It was all going well, and I got stumped on one question, and this two tab spreadsheet would have put that guy right on the deal, I mean, but he get into that. He said, You asked about unit economics, and only those two tabs would have answered the question completely. So I think it's a great follow up tool.

Speaker 1  1:09:17  
Great, awesome. Well, try it out. I think it's one of the ones I've been using for a couple of years. I just memorialized it into, you know, into this thing. But I would, yeah, I definitely would encourage you to, that's great use my marketing, my marketing tool, Steve, I think. But so thank you for, thank you for that

Speaker 3  1:09:36  
stuff, but confidence, I'll share the team. I think it's Jeff and I can, don't mean to insult you, but

Speaker 1  1:09:45  
thank you. But so then, so that's kind of it. I'm not going to, you know, there's a Coman contract review, so if you're comparing multiple co men together, you know, this will let you put all their information into one document, and then it'll give you the for. Have been cons of the different co men. This is one that I would encourage all of you to do, which you may have done already, but is a fatal flaw assessment. So it doesn't take long. It's 30 yes, no questions, and you just go through it and you know, do you have contracts? Any contracts longer than, you know, one year? You know, like I preach, you do not need anything longer than a year. I don't want anything longer than three months, you know. So I'm a test and learn person. I'll do three, three months contracts all day long, but I'm not going to do, I won't even do this typically. Now, sometimes you have a Whole Foods let's say that wants a longer term contract. Yeah, you're not going to be able to negotiate with them, you know. So let's say you know, yes, I have contracts longer than a year. You have contracts auto renew. These are ones that you know, a lot of contracts will, and usually they're disingenuous, but, and, but people are this way. Unfortunately, you know, not everyone, but a lot of them might say half, half are this way, where they'll basically, you know, say, okay, yeah, runs through a year contract. But the way they write it up is if neither party, you know, says, let's say your contracts end of the year, but by November 1, if neither party has said they don't want to extend, then it gets extended for the following year. And then, let's say you get to February and you go, hey, you know, this isn't really working out. I want to, want to get out of this contract. Oh, you're signed up for the next year. I didn't sign up for anything. Yeah, you did. You signed up for an auto renew, you know, clause, you know. Whereas it's called an evergreen clause, you know that it keeps going. But like, you could have easily, if you knew it, you could have said, you know, you could have said, No, I don't want to do that. I want us to both agree on it by November 1, but we're going to extend the contract for the next year, and then it would have extended the contract, and then you wouldn't have had to deal with this, you know, or anybody signed on personal guarantees. Let's say no on that. And when you created your brand name, did you do a legal review to make sure the name wasn't already secured? You know, I think you guys probably all did, but you'd be surprised. You know, how many people don't do that? You know, they just kind of blow and go. Have you had your product labels and website reviewed provided by an FDA attorney, not just a normal attorney, you know, by but by an FDA attorney, attorney you know, are your company formation documents, you know, signed by all founders. Let's say they are. Does everyone an employee or fractional consultant, invented contractor, signed a confidentiality and invention assignment agreement. This is important, because if you don't, let's go to say when I went to sell my company to Coke, number of years ago, I didn't have this invention assignment agreement signed by everybody, and I had to end up paying, it wasn't a lot, but I had to pay, like, $1,000 per employee to make it, you know, a valid contract, you know, with them, and give them some consideration for them to be able to do it back to me, you know. So if you don't have that, you know, you know people like me, you know, I should sign an invention assignment agreement, you know, with you, it doesn't mean that like my inventions are all sudden yours, but something, when you come up together, if you're paying me, you know, it's yours, it's not mine, you know. And then, you know, it goes in the founders team. That does the founder on at least 80% of the equity let's say that it does. Are there any unresolved conflicts among founders partners? One of the things I think is important to do, and most of you are other couples that in this group are individuals. So I don't think you have this issue, but a lot of times, you know it's tough to have these tough conversations with with co founders early on, because you don't know who's going to be the real worker bees in the group and who's not going to be the worker bees in the group. And if you if you don't know that, you know we're like conflict, somewhat conflict avoidant as human beings, at some level, we don't want to force these tough issues. But so what I actually suggest is, you know, you come up with a non legal, non binding memorandum of understanding, an MOU between you and your founders, where you're describing, you know, what are, what's the expectations that we have for each of us that we're doing and, you know, why is that important? Because why we know it, right? But you know it now, but like you know, but, but five years from now, you're going to forget it, you know, and you're not going to think about it.

Speaker 1  1:14:11  
So you want to have something like that. Again, most of you don't have that, you know. Have that issue, but you know, the whole thing about gap and gross margin. I know we've talked about that, but, you know, I'm just going to quickly, you know, click on these so you don't take too much. Are you pursuing Walmart or mass retail before putting out sales? Naturally, special thing club first a lot. You know, believe it or not, some people will do this. I think it's the kiss of death if you do that, you know, and but, you know, sometimes it makes sense if you're in a really crowded really crowded space, you know, I think that may make sense, because you may have trouble getting on the shelf somewhere else. So let's say you did all these and, you know, it kind of came down with this. So now we're gonna, I'm just gonna, now it's gonna tell you these are the ones that identified as risks that. Went through. These are the ones identified as strengths. And I'm going to submit the, you know, the assessment. I'm going to go find another one real quick. I'm going to show you a different sales broker saying, well, that one does its thing. It'll take about five minutes to do. But so that's kind of Babu. That's what I wanted to show you on Babu, does that kind of give you a little bit of an understanding? Any questions on it?

Speaker 1  1:15:29  
No questions kind of get it. I think it's really worthwhile for you to, you know, check out and try and just, you know, just, you know, just see it. If it doesn't work, if it's not useful, don't use it, but, you know, at least use it over the course of while you're working with me. You know, try to do each one of them and just see if it gives you anything. And I'm happy to go through them with you if you want. And just, you know, talk about them, because I do think just going through them all, even if you decided, like, I don't want to keep you on this program beyond a month or two, but go through them all now, and, you know, just do get the information out of it, because you'll get some really good information out of it. I've spent 15 months, a lot of money, probably 200 grand, building this thing out and and it's just going live now in beta today, you know. So I'm really anxious to see how it does.

Speaker 2  1:16:20  
But I had a quick question, Jeff, yeah, on the channel strategy, what are the data seeds from the Amazon to the retail? Is the retail one broken out into individual channels itself, like conventional and natural and

Unknown Speaker  1:16:37  
no that one,

Speaker 1  1:16:39  
that one's not, but there is the one where there's a multi channel. There's a multi channel version that I mentioned at the top of it that does, it's a break even analysis, but it will break it out by channel. It will break it out between. It will break it out between, you know, brick and mortar and digital. And then within digital, break it out between Amazon and D to C, but within retail, it's just going to do it off of, you know, retailer, so it won't break out natural and conventional grocery. I could do that over time, but or convenience store or food service, you know, but the Multi Channel One does break it out. But I meant this to be one kind of, kind of simple. I like the more complicated ones, but when I do that, I find that I kind of lose people in it. So, but I think it's good enough. Yeah, thanks. But so let's talk about brokers. We've got like, 15 minutes left, and first of all, how many of you guys are using brokers today? Pretty much everybody using a broker or not using a broker, sales broker. Meg, you're obviously not. No, we're not

Speaker 6  1:17:52  
getting a part time sales person to sell into med spas, but we're doing a lot of that relationship building ourselves.

Speaker 1  1:18:00  
Got it. And Mari, are you?

Speaker 2  1:18:02  
We just, yeah, we just have a NorCal regional one. But other than that, Scott and I are doing everything ourselves,

Speaker 1  1:18:11  
and that's pretty that's a pretty good way to do it in the beginning is, you know, you, you either hire a fractional sales person or a full time sales person, or you, you know, and then you don't necessarily need the broker right away. Or you hire the broker, and you manage the broker, you know. I mean, that's typically one of the two ways to do it. I mean, I've tended to hire a salesperson out of the blocks, but I've been questioning that here recently, you know, but I typically, you're in the national channel to start and, you know, you want to just focus on that. So I find like to find a broker that is lives on the East Coast, for the West Coast, you know, typically, because that's where you find the national channels to be the, you know, the most robust, because that those left and right coach seem to be more willing to try, you know, just to be more, you know, trial oriented than the middle of America seems to be, and and then you kind of work work from there. But I do think, and really, the role of a lot of those people is to be able to enter, you know, the information into the distributor accounts, the retailer accounts, go out and get the small accounts. And if you don't have that experience that you know, you're going to be a fish in the water trying to do it on your own. And theoretically, they should have the ability to get you into, you know, some different locations. But you know, when we talk about brokers in the natural channel, there are some brokers that go across the whole natural channel, like presidents marketing. You know, there's a handful of others. You know, they tend to want to charge you retainers, monthly retainers. And those retainers can range anywhere between two and $10,000

Speaker 1  1:19:56  
which is a big range. But, you know, the quality you get to 10,000 is one. Better, and you get merchandising. But, you know, the quality you get in 2000 is okay too, you know. So you can, you end up trying to, end up having to pay some kind of retainer with a and that retainer is going to be the greater of, you know, say, $2,000 or 5% of your revenue. So once you hit that revenue threshold, you're no longer paying the retainer. You're just paying the, you know, paying the commission rate. But that's usually a pretty healthy number that you end up getting to to, you know, to get there, you know, but, but when you get to conventional grocery, you know, traditional brick and mortar, you know, I'll hold Kroger Safeway, Albertsons, Target, even mass, Walmart, whatever I find that those places, it's best to have a dedicated broker for that retailer, because what you'll find is, and I have, I have named the different ones for different retailers. But you know, you don't want to go with one size fits all across the country for conventional grocery and mass because you're going to find that some are, you know, like my broker on target. You know, their offices are literally right across the street from the target headquarters, and they're in the target building every day. You know, if I, you know, if they were doing a Walmart too, and they didn't have an office like that in Bentonville, you know, they're not the same, they're not the same, they're not the same. Broker then, you know. And I find that, like National brokers for conventional grocery, you know, you're going to get some that are really good and some that are really shitty, you know. So you want to be a little bit sensitive, you know, to that, you know. But again, I have brokers in all those areas if you want help finding one. But like, these are the things that a broker should do. They should do account setup. And sometimes the brokers, if you don't, you know, push them on this, they'll expect you to do it. Well, no, it's the reason I'm hiring you as a broker is, you know, one of the reasons I'm hiring you is for you to do the account setup. You guys do this all day long. I've never done it. It's gonna take me 10 times the length of time it takes you to do it, you know. So that's important. You know, managing your promotions. Promotions are very complicated, by the way, there's a couple good gurus in the document on promotions and creating your own promotions and how to do that, and kind of walking you through it. So, you know, again, and I can help you with that stuff too. You know, resolving distribution issues. Say you go into Target, you know now you're going into Walmart. Well, there's some real learnings that you want to do. Target, for example, will go through anybody, all the accounts and all the barcodes that are in in Walmart, and they look for barcode matches. As they find a barcode match, it's between Walmart and Target, they will make, they will drop your price automatically down to the Walmart price. And as you probably know, Walmart works on an eDLP and everyday low price pricing, you know threshold. So if your price is 299 you know, in target, you know it's going to be 249 or 199 at Walmart. You know, because Walmart wants to put all the promotions into the cost to give the consumer the everyday, lowest price available. But target says, I don't care. They're our main competitor. They take business from us. You know, we want, we're going to, we're going to price match any barcode that we match between Target and Walmart, and all of a sudden, overnight, you're going to go from 299 to 249 and you're going to be underwater, you know, and because they're going to keep their same margin, and they're going to get you, and they're going to charge you for the difference in that, and you're going to be underwater quickly. So when I did that, when I went to Walmart after target with the Walmart, the target buyer told me that. And you know, I came out with a report product line was a 12 ounce product, but I came out with another product line, maybe not that smart in some regards, but smart in this regard. And you know, I came out with a 10 ounce product, you know that I sold at Walmart for a cheaper price. And I remember the target buyer coming to me to Jeff, your products in Walmart. I told you not to do that. I told you to, you know, make sure it's a different product. I said, I said, it is a different product. It's a 10 ounce six pack versus a 12 pack versus a 12 ounce. And, oh, my god, I can't believe you did that. That's amazing, you know, no issue,

Speaker 1  1:24:16  
you know. So just you want to, there are these, you know, just resolving these distribution issues that can be important, buyer reviews, inventory management, so they will help you with your inventory management. You know, merchandise, if you're doing that. And then, you know, I think it's important for smaller brands that lack in house sales and marketing team and administration to do that. That's where a broker can kind of come in and really help you. Or a fractional sales person can do that, or a full time sales person can do that. You know, some mistakes that people make with the brokers. You don't communicate enough. You should be definitely having a monthly meeting with your brokers. They should be preparing the, you know, the meeting that meeting should have. You know, I can. Send you what like that meeting agenda should be, you know, because if you don't give that to them, they may just go, you know, they may just go completely generic on you and not give you stuff you don't want to over rely on the brokers. So brokers have, you know, presidents marketing has over 100 brands that they wrap, you know, probably even more than that, actually, and and they'll do competitive brands to most of these brokers will, and I don't generally think that's a problem, by the way, if they have a competitive brand, but they will do competitive brands. And, you know, you want to get you want the squeaky wheel gets degrees entirely with this stuff. The pain in the butt brand is going to get a lot more attention than the brand that just does last night. Fair nothing, you know, because they'll just out of sight, out of mind on you. So the more you're in their face, the more you're in front of mind, the more they're going to the more attention they're going to give to you. You know, failure to monitor performance, you know. So you know they, you know. You know they they should be giving you data. You know, they're all buying data from Nielsen, and that data Nielsen makes them sign something that says that they can't share that data. So, which is one of the reasons I have my own data that I've offered to you guys. You've seen that probably, you know, but like, I'm getting the Nielsen data now for $1,500 a brand per six months. And I'm just passing that on to you guys or to people that want to get that because it kind of levels the playing field with these bigger brands that you paid $25,000 for, that, you know, with spins or with Nielsen and your broker, they can give you the information, but they just don't want to share it around, you know, but you just got to be a pain in the butt to get that information from them, you know. But you want to see that information. It's important. And then, you know, training your broker so, you know, the more you invest in them, the better the results will be. I mean, make sure they know how to pitch your product line. One of the really important things is, any of the bigger retailers you're going into, you want to own that, that discussion with that retailer, and a lot of times, the brokers will tell you, no, no, you know, we're going to control that. You don't need to come out for the meeting. We're just going to, we meet with the broker. We meet with the buyer every week. And you know, we're going to talk about, you know, we're going to talk about, you know, shires next week. You don't need to be here for that. Well, you don't need to be for there, for the everyone, but when there's a top to top, which is usually when you're pitching new SKUs and new stuff, you have to be there for that. And you want it to be in the way. You want to communicate it, not the brokerage way. Because if you think about it, the brokers got, you know, they may each broker, each broker rep, might have 12, you know, 12 brands that they're repping into that retailer. You think that they're going to get really feisty with the broker, not feisty, but really argumentative, if you will, with the with the with their buyer. You know, if they, if they think that you know, to fight on your behalf, and the answer is hell no, because they've got all these other brands. They don't want to screw up that relationship with that, with that buyer. So they're going to be, they'll push the point, but they'll cave much quicker than you would cave, you know? And it's important to kind of get to kind of get this part right, and then, you know, I'm just going to skip over to, I do have a form. I'll send you this afterwards. It is in the Babu site, but I created this scorecard for analyzing a broker. It's a broker evaluation scorecard, you know. And the ones in red are the particularly important ones. But each one you go through, and you give it a zero to three score or NA, and you don't need to fill out the notes for evidence and and then this is telling you you can change it. You want the different weights, you know. But I just weighted them the way that I, in my opinion, is important. But how many brands does each account manager carry? You know, if they're carrying 25 brands, they're not going to have time for you, you know. I mean, you want to see that they're carrying, ideally, less than eight to 10 brands. You know, can they show examples of velocity increases or shelf expansions for past brands? You know, knots is kind of what I said up front. It's not just telling them that, you know, we did it, and here's a logo of the restaurant we did it with. But how did you do it? You know, will the broker allow you to participate in the buyer meetings? Some, some, some actually won't allow you to participate in the meetings. You guys. Can you still hear me?

Speaker 1  1:29:19  
Okay, some actually won't allow you to be able to do that. But you should own the pits, not the broker. They're the gatekeeper, but, but you have to control that relationship. It doesn't mean you should go around the broker and necessarily go in there without the broker. But I don't have any problem having a call with it, with a buyer, and not having the broker on the phone. Brokers don't typically like that, but I don't have a problem doing that. So just, I'll send you these. These are all in the boot camp too, you know. But as this thing is, you're starting to think about brokers. It's probably worth us having a conversation, you know, with with with each other about it. I'm just because, and what's the rate like? You know, I'll start off brokers at 5% typically, but, you know, by the time well into it, I'm getting my rates down to 3% you know, you're not going to get that in the very beginning, but that's where I'm trying to, that's where I'm trying to get to kind of over time. Does that make sense here? I know I'm going pretty fast, I apologize, but I'm making sense.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:26  
Any questions on it? Yeah, Hey, Jeff.

Speaker 9  1:30:28  
This is Christina. We used to broker sort of Midway, you know, not, not early on, but midway through. And what we found is that, you know, that we didn't have enough sort of distribution for them to do a lot, even though we were trying to go to work with DSDS and stuff. Is there any, is there any guidance? You would say, because I've had, I've talked to a couple brokers, and they're like, not until you get into unifier ke it's not worth it.

Speaker 1  1:30:56  
Oh, I mean, it may not be worth it from a retained standpoint, but from a broker. There are brokers that will do it without retainer. You just got to kind of ferret them out, or super low retainer. But if you're on a retainer and you don't have a route to market like that, it is, you know, a bit challenging, but I wouldn't go for a high $5,000 month retainer. You know that you have to pay, not that you would but, you know, but just because I think you won't get enough out of it. The thing I do feel really strongly about is, don't spend money on marketing until you have legitimate access to distribution, you know, because it's just going to bounce now, Amazon and your website are a little bit different, because you kind of have natural national distribution right out of the blocks on them. But, like, if you're in brick and mortar only, don't spend a lot of money on marketing. You know, the amount you spend on marketing in the beginning is like 90% close to the shelf. Like, when I look at produce marketing budget for this year, and I'm fighting my partner because he's never been through it, and he wants you all this in to all this influencer stuff, and all this stuff is further away from the felt. But I'm like, Dude, you know, we're going to rely on our trade spend amount this year as our main thrust, for our, you know, for our spend, because that's the closest thing in doing demos, you know, not demos in the conventional channel, but demo the natural channel doing, you know, having a robust trade spend program. Those are going to be the things that get the product off the shelf the quickest, early on, you know. And if you try to go too far outside of that, I met with the CEO of Celsius, you know, a bunch of years ago, and after he'd done the turnaround, and they almost lost it in 2012 and and he brought in, he's the financial guy to turn it around, and he's now the CEO. And he said, Jeff, I stopped everything away from the shelf, you know, on day one, and I just focus on the shelf. And I didn't get back into it until about three years ago. It's like 2021 probably at the time after I talked to him, you know, because we were, because we had plenty money at this point in time to spend on it. He said, You go too far away from the shelf, it just bounces, you know, so the closer to the shelf in the beginning, and then you begin to pull that out from there. I just want to go through one last thing here on the fatal flaws assessment. So, you know, we entered that stuff, and now it came back. So I just at the end to go fast. I just kind of pick different names. So this is, you know, 20, you know, we got a 22 out of 60 points. So, you know, this is basically telling you, good luck. Do it again. You know, rethink your product. Don't launch and because it's going to tell you that there are a bunch of, you know, critical priorities here. We got FDA labeled compliance gap. We've got a cash flow vulnerability and runway instability. We've got a premature mass entry without channel validation, because they were going into Walmart first. And it'll give you the reasons why in here do this little analysis of risk profile. So telling you fear finance is the riskiest, because I think I clicked on, you know, we've been it with less than three months of on hand, of cash, you know, which, frankly, I've lived in a lot in my career. So don't be butt hurt if you're living there too. You know, it just, it is, you know, it's, it's just the nature of the beast. But, you know, and then it'll kind of go through, you know, by category items that are flagged. So you kind of get a little bit of dialing in there, and then it goes through each category and what's the risk score, you know, in that. And then from this one, you can go, if you see the one over here on the right side, you know, you can do a quarterly audit guru. So you do this first, and then this will ask you for changes that have occurred in the last quarter, and it'll give you, like, an update, you know. And you can kind of track that over time and see how your score has changed. But, you know, so just, I mean, really good information, you know, you can kind of, you know, see what's in here. So anyway, I would encourage you to try it, you know. And you're not going to hurt anything if you screw it up. Don't worry about it, you know, if you have questions and you want to go through one to get. Either, I'm happy to jump on a call and do that with you. I think it's really good, but I love to get your opinions. And you know, if you if you don't like something, the negative opinions are much more important to me than the positive opinions, although I like those too. But like the negative opinions are because I can, I can incorporate those changes into improving it, you know. But there's no other model like this that does it in CPG, where you can kind of get curated CPG results to it. So I would encourage you to give it a try. So I know we've kind of gone we're going over here, and unfortunately, I have another call that I got to jump on. But anybody have any last, last questions or thoughts to kind of leave with Jeff?

Unknown Speaker  1:35:40  
Where do you see taking Babu over time?

Speaker 1  1:35:44  
I mean, I'm trying to get it to a tool that I can send to not just founders but corporations, to be able to use, you know, to be able to use it in groups. You know, where people can, you know, a lot of me llms are going into the group stuff. Now, I don't want to be an LLM. That's, I don't have the money to spend to be compete at that level, but I want to use them as the base. But ultimately, I like to sell it to somebody that, you know, you see, there's a lot of AI going on with, like, inventory, sales planning, kind of big stuff. But nobody has done this user interface, you know, kind of at the at this, at this level. So, and not that somebody couldn't do it, you know, but, like, I've curated a lot of data that I put up into it that it's not hard to replicate, but it would just take somebody time. So I'm trying to get it out there and, frankly, use it as a lead generator for, you know, this group type of people that you guys are, that are in this from a coaching standpoint, you know, because those people are, I mean, like, I don't know who said it, you know, Steve or somebody said it, but this is me, like, in a in a program. And, you know, that's kind of true, in a sense. I mean, you know, you will get some loose, energetic responses occasionally, but they'll get those with, you know, get those with anybody. But this is available 24/7, you know. I call it my co founder, you know. And you know that co founders never asleep. You know, they never bitch back. They always will do what you say. So it's like, it's it's great. You know, may not be, may not be useful information all the time, but I think it's pretty good. But I'd like to eventually, probably sell it to somebody that is in this space generally, but wants to augment this space in a in a bigger way. So anyway, I'll let you guys go, but thank you so much for your time and again. If we haven't connected in a week or two, reach out for me and let's set up a time to connect next week.

Unknown Speaker  1:37:31  
Thanks, Jeff. This is great.

Unknown Speaker  1:37:33  
Okay, guys, take care. Thanks. Bye. Bye.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
